# Ordinance 1 
An Ordinance relating to meetings of the Board of Trustees, fixing the penalty for non-attendance, and prescribing the order of business. 
Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries: 

## Section 1
The Board of Trustees until further order shall convene in the Village regularly at a place designated by, the Board on the second Monday of each month at eight P.M. Special meeting of the Board of Trustees may be called by the Chairman or any three Trustees by notice in writing from the Clerk served upon the other members of the Board. 

## Section 2 
Any member absent from a meeting of the Board without a reasonable excuse, shall be fined in the sum of one dollar for each offense. 

## Section 3
For systematic transaction of business the Chairman may apportion the members of the Board into standing committees, composed of two members each, as follows: 1st, ways and means, 2nd streets and alleys, 3rd health, 4th bills and ordinances, to which committees, all bills, resolutions, and proposed ordinances when required shall be referred for examination and consideration, and upon a favorable report of which shall be considered and disposed of in the committee of the whole by the Board of Trustees. 

## Section 4
Whenever the Board shall have convened the roll shall be called and all absentees shall be noted in the minutes of the Board and the regular order of business shall be as follows: 
### First. 
Reading, amending and approving the minutes of the previous meeting. 
### Second. 
Reports of officers. 
### Third.
Reports of committees. 
### Fourth.
Representation of petitions, remonstrances, communications and bills. 
### Fifth.
Unfinished business.
### Sixth.
New business. 

Approved November 6, 1902. J W Skelton Chairman. 
Attest. George Hoawk Clerk. 
