# Ordinance 3 
An Ordinance prohibiting nuisances, defining what shall be considered such, and providing for a penalty for violations of this ordinance.

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries

## Section 1
No person or persons shall cast or leave or keep in or adjoining any street, lane, alleys square,
public place, or in any yard, lot, block or other premises within the incorporated limits of the Village of St. Maries any putrid, unsound, unwholesome or refuse meat of any animal, or any hides or skins of any kind or the whole or any part of any dead fish or animal, or any stagnant or any part of any dead fish or animal, impure water, or any unsound, putrid or unwholesome substance or the offal garbage, or the offensive pest of any animal or animals. 

## Section 2
No person or persons shall permit or suffer to accumulate in or upon any yard or premises, lot or place within the corporate limits of the Village of St, Maries, or upon any street or sidewalk adjacent to or abutting upon any lot block, place or premises occupied by his or them, or for which he or they may be agent or agents, within the Village limits, any stagnant or impure water, refuse vegetables, decayed or decaying substances, garbage or filth of any kind, nor suffer such yard, lot or premises to be to remain in such condition as to cause or create a noisome or offensive smell or atmosphere, or thereby to be or become cause or create, a public nuisance. 

## Section 3
No person who is the owner or occupant of or agent for any house, store, building or premises, in the Village of St. Maries, to which a privy belongs or appertains shall use or keep the same in such a condition, as to cause a noisome or offensive smell so as to become a nuisance. 

## Section 4
Whenever the Health Officer shall be informed of the existance of any nuisance prohibited by the preceding sections, he shall immediately make or cause to be made an examination of the yard, lot, place or premises on which it is charged such nuisance is suffered or permitted and if a misance is found to exist thereon, or to exist in or upon any street, lane, alley or public place, or in or upon any gutter, or sidewalk adjacent to or abutting upon said vard, lot, place or premises, he shall forthwith give or cause to be given, either to owner, agent or occupant of such vard, lot, place or premises, or all of them, a notice to abate or remove said muisance, and if such nuisance is not abated or removed within twenty four hours after such notice the marshall shall cause the owner, occupant of or agent of such the property to be arrested and brought before the proper court, and if he or they be convicted, the marshall shall cause the same to be removed, and he shall be and is hereby authorized to remove any constructions that it may be necessary to remove in order to reach and remove and abate such nuisance,the expense of removing any nuisance by the marshal shall be paid by the Village in the first instance, but the same shall be taxed as a part of the costs in such cause, and recovered by the Village from the owner, agent or occupant notified as hereinbefore provided. 

## Section 5
If any person or persons shall violate any of the provisions of this ordinance, they shall be deemed guilty of a misdemenor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be fined not less than five dollars nor more than fifty dollars, or imprisonment not less than two nor more than twenty days and in all cases of conviction the costs of the case together with the costs of abating or removing the nuisance shall be taxed against the defendant.

Approved November 6, 1902. 
J W Skelton Chairman.
Attest. George Hawk Clerk

