# Ordinance 4
An Ordinance restraining cattle running at large and prescribing penalty for its violation. 

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries: 

## Section 1
That no horses, mules, cattle sheep or hogs shall be allowed to run at large in any of the streets, lanes, or alleys of the Village of St. Maries, during the hours between seven o'clock P.M. and six o'clock A.M All animals so running at large may be taken up and the Village Marshal and impoundedin a pound or inclosure to be provided by the Board of Trustees, and such animals shall be provided with proper care, food and water while so confined. 

## Section 2
The Village Marshal shall give immediate notice of the taking up of such animals with a discription thereof by posting the same in three conspicuous places in this Village. 

## Section 3
If any of the animals mentioned above be taken up within the limits of the Village of Saint Maries at the expiration of five days after the giving of the official notice, the Village Marshal shall sell such animal at public auction, and after deducting the cost of keeping and selling, he shall pay the remainder of such proceeds into the village Treasury to be paid to the owner of such animal upon demand. In addition to the costs of advertising and keeping animals taken up under this ordinance the Village Marshall shall collect one dollar for impounding the same, said fee to be retained by him for his services, and also twenty five cents for each day he shall have kept the same, and ten per cent of the amount of the sales. 

Approved November 6, 1902,

Attest, 
George Hawk 
Clerk. 

J W Skelton
Chairman. 
