# Ordinance 5

An Ordinance providing for the prevention of fires and the protection of person and property endangered thereby, and providing penalties for the violation thereof. 
Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries. 

## Section 1
That all buildings now located, or that may hereafter may be placed or built within the limits of this villiage, and at a less distance than one hundred feefrom any other building, or any building that may be brought within that distance by the erection of other buildings, shall be provided with chimneys whose walls shall be of a good quality of brick at least four inches in thickness, and laid in good lime mortar and to be plastered on the inside.
Provided, that buildings already erected, and which have chimneys, of concrete, terra cotta, or so called patent chimneys, constructed of two iron pipes, of sheet iron, one within the other with at least two inches of air space between them, every joint of said pipe being riveted together, and the two pipes joined at each end, and holes provided for a free circulation of air between the two pipes, said chimneys being in good, good and safe condition, shall be deemed to have complied with this ordinance but all new chimneys shall be built of brick as aforesaid. 

## Section 2
No stove pipe in any building with wooden or combustable floors and ceilings shall enter any flue unless said pipe shall be at least sixteen inches from either floor or ceilings, or be fully protected by tin or zinc. And in all cases where smoke pipes or stove pipes pass through wooden floors or partitions of any kind, whether the same be plastered or not, they shall be guarded by a double collar of metal, with at least four inches of air space, between, and holes for ventilation, or by a solid coating of mortar or plaster of paris three inches thick, or by an earthern ware piping three inches from the pipe.

## Section 3
No stovepipe or smoke pipe shall pass through any window, side or roof of any building, except temporarily by permit in writing, granted by the firewarden, and such permit shall designate the time for which leave is granted. The opening where the pipe goes through the roof or side of the building shall in all cases be at least four inches in diameter larger than the size of the pipe, and be protected by a double collar of metal or otherwise, as in case of passing through partitions, and tin or zinc on the outside and inside of such openings. 

## Section 4
All chimneys shall be well secured, and shall extend at least three feet above the roof of the building to which they are attached, measuring from the point where the chimney or flue be deemed unsafe to the building, or adjoining buildings by the fire warden they shall be carried up to such a height as may be deemed necessary not to exceed three feet above the extreme height of said building or the buildings adjoining. 

## Section 5
That any flue, smoke pipe or chimney which shall be deemed by the fire warden to be unsafe, the fire warden shall notify the owner or occupant of the building that the same must be repaired or removed within ten days, and if the  parties notified shall presist in using any flue, smokepipe or chimney which endangers the building to which it is attached or adjoining buildings the fire warden shall cause the same to be repaired or removed, and the costs of such repairs or removal shall be made at the expense of the owner or occupant of the building 

## Section 6 
That the Village Marshall, shall until a regular fire warden be appointed, act for and be the fire warden 
of this Village.

## Section 7
That the fire warden of this Village shall at all times have the right to enter any building for the purpose of discovering or ascertaining any violation of this ordinance.

## Section 8 
That it shall be the duty of the fire warden to make an inspection of all buildings now in this Village, 
and ascertain if the chimneys, smoke and stove pipes and constructed are placed in accordance with the provisions of this ordinance. 

## Section 9 
A violation of any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed a misdemenor and punished by a fine of not less than FIVE and not more than TWENTY FIVE DOLLARS, OR by imprisonment for not less than five more than twenty five days or both fine and imprisonment, at the discretion of the court, and the continuance or maintaining of such violation shall be deemed a new offense for each day on which the same is so continued or maintained, and shall be punished accordingly.

Approved November 6, 1902.
Attest. George Hawk Clerk.

J W Skelton Chairman.
