
# Ordinance 7 

An Ordinance providing for the taxation of dogs. 

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries.

## Section 1
That the owner or person having in charge any dog permitted to run at large within the corporate limits of this Village, shall on or before the fifteenth day of November of each year pay into the Village Treasury the sum of three dollars for each male dog and the sum of ten dollars for each female dog, which shall entitle him to a receipt from the Treasurer, designating the owners name, and the number of the license, which number shall correspond with that worn by the dog, provided that for the year. 

## Section 2
That no dog shall be permitted to run at large in any of the streets, squares, lanes, alleys or public places of the Village, without having a collar of leather or metal secured around his neck with the number of his license stamped or engraved thereon. 

## Section 3
The Treasurer shall keep a suitable record of the licenses granted and on the expiration of the annual time for issuing license shall give the Village Marshall a list of the numbers on which licenses have been paid or received, and of the numbers which have not been renewed, and the names of the owners or representatives of the dogs having such renewment numbers. 

## Section 4
The term for which licenses shall be granted shall be from the first Tuesday of the fiscal year in which the license is granted until the First Tuesday of May of the succeeding year. 

## Section 5
It shall be the duty of the Village Marshall, to seize, kill, and properly bury in some suitable place all dogs found running at large in violation of section two of this ordinance, also any and all dogs wearing collars, on which the owners or representatives have failed to pay or renew the licenses, provided that when a dog wearing a collar has been taken up, the Marshall shall notify the owner or representative thereof, who may thereupon recover possession, upon payment of the license to the Treasurer, and a fee of fifty cents to the Marshall for each male dog and a fee of one dollar for each female dog, provided further, that no dog shall be killed unless it has been kept in the Village Pound at least forty eight hours. 

## Section 6
Any person or inhabitant of this Village permitting any dog of which he is the owner, or over which he has control, to go abroad in any of the streets squares, lanes, alleys or public places of this Village without having first paid the license requiredby this ordinance, and having the number thereof stamped or engraved upon a collar upon such dogs hereinbefore provided, or who shall suffer or cause a collar or number to be placed or remain, with intent to avoid payment of license shall upon conviction of such offense, before any court of competent jurisdiction be subject to a fine of not less than FIVE nor more than TEN DOLLARS. 

## Section 7
It shall be the duty of the Village Marshall to prosecute all violations of this ordinance.

## Section 8
No license shall issue for less tha one year provided, that for the present year, that licenses may issue to be paid pro rata, for the unexpired portion of the first year ending, the first Tuesday of May of the year 1903.

Approved November 6, 1902.

JW Skelton
Chairman.

Attest,
George Hawk
