# Ordinance 8

An Ordinance to impose and regulate licenses, regulating the manner of issuing the same and providing for a penalty for violations thereof.

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries. 

## Section 1
That every person travelling on foot and selling goods within the corporate limits of the Village of St. Maries shall pay a tax of FIVE DOLLARS per day if travelling with one animal FIVE DOLLARS per day, if travelling with two animals FIVE POLLARS per day.

## Section 2
That street hawkers shall pay a license of FIVE DOLLARS PER DAY. Any one who shall offer for sale by outery on the street, or shall conduct business from a stand or wagon, on the streets, shall be deemed a hawker under this Ordinance. 

## Section 3
That any person or persons who shall exhibit for pay any caravan, menagerie, or any collection of animals, circus, equestrian or any acrobatic performance, shall for each day's exhibition pay a tax of $25.00. 

## Section 4
That the keeper,  proprietor or agent of any theatrical company or troope, opera, concert, minstral or sleight of hand performance shall pay a license of FIVE DOLLARS FOR the first day and ONE DOLLAR for each subsequent day provided, that no license shall be required from any resident or residents of this Village who shall give an exhibition for any benevolent or charitable purpose, or for the benefit of any religious, charitable, or educational organization of os this place. 

## Section 5
All persons except persons selling newspapers, bibles and religious tracts, farmers, or persons selling the products of their own farms, gardens or milk ranches, who offer to sell at retail, goods wares, merchandise or other commodities, as travelling from place to place in the Villiage of St. Maries, shall be deemed pedlars under the provisions of section one of this ordinance. 

## Section 6
It shall be the duty of the Village Marshall to de collect the taxes provided for in this ordinance, and it shall be his duty to file with a justice of the peace a complaint filed against any person failing to pay the same. 

## Section 7
That from and after the passage of this ordinance there shall be paid to the Marshall of the Village of St. Maries by the persons engaged in the following named occupations and business in the said Village, the following named same as, and for a license to carry on said occupation or business. 

## Section 8
Each and every auctioneer shall pay a license of fifty dollars per year, payable annually in advance. 

## Section 9
Each broker shall pay the sum of twenty four dollars per year payable annual in advance. The term broker shall include bankers, stock brokere, exchange brokers and pawn brokers. 

## Section 10
For each one horse drey, wagon or truck $5.00 each; two horse dray, wagon, cart or truck, and for each additional horse $5.00. used for carrying goods wares, merchandise, lumber stone earth, sand gravel, or other substance for hire, either by the month, trip day or job within the corporate limits of the Village of St. Maries, shall pay an annual license of $5.00 for every one horse tray truck wagon or cart and ten dollars for every two horse wagon or cart, and five dollars for each additional horse payable annually in advance.

## Section 11 
For each shooting gallery there shall be payable the sum of twenty dollars per year payable quarterly in a 
to the sum of twenty dollars per year payable annually in advance. 

## Section 12
For each bowling alley there shall be paid a sum of twenty dollars per year, payable quarterly in advance.

## Section 13
For each meat market or butcher shop there shall be paid ten dollars per year, payable annually in advance.

## Section 14
For each bakery and Confectionery store there shall be paid ten dollars per year payable in advance. 

## Section 15
For each general grocery store there shall be paid ten dollars per year pavable annually in advance. 

## Section 16
The owner or manager of every drinking saloon, bar room, sample room, or place where spirituous or mault liquors are sold or disposed of by the drink, in quantities of less than one pint shall pay a licensed of $250.00 per annum, payable yearly in advance, and all liquors to be drunk on the premises shall be deemed to be sold by the drink and all liquors disposed of by gift or otherwise in connection with lunch counters shall come within the provisions of this ordinance, provided that no license shall be required for liquors sold by apothecaries and druggists on the prescription of a regularly practicing physician for medical purposes only.

## Section 17
For each general merchandise hardware and furniture stores there shall be paid twenty five dollars payable annual in advance. 

## Section 18
For cigars and fruit stands or stores shall be paid a license of five dollars per year payable annuallay in advance. 

## Section 19
Hotels, restaurants, eating houses and lunch counters and lodging houses, except private families who keep less than four boarders shall pay a license of twenty dollars per year payable annual in advance.

## Section 20
Each and every drug store shall pay a license of ten dollars per year payable annually in advance. 

## Section 21
The owner or manager of every black smith shop shall pay a license of ten dollars per year payable annual in advance.

## Section 22
Each and every attorney and counselor at law shall pay a license of ten dollars per year, payable annually in advance. 

## Section 23
Each and every dentist sha11 pay a license of five dollars per year payable annually in advance.

## Section 24
The owner or manager of each and every barber shop shall pay a license of five dollars per year, payable on annually in advance.
## Section 25
Each and every jeweler shall pay a license of five dollars per year payable annually in advance. 

## Section 26
Each and every merchant tailor shall pay a license of five dollars per year payable annually in advancee

## Section 27
Each and every notion or racket store shall pay a license of five dollars per year payable annually in advances. 

## Section 28
Each and every insurance agent shall pay a license of five dollars per year payable yearly in advance and each and every real estate and rental agent shall pay a license annually of five dollars in advance.

## Section 29
Each and every contractor and builder shall pay a license of five dollars per year payable annually in 
 advance.

## Section 30
the owner or manager of each and every printing office shall pay a license of five dollars per year payable annual in advance.

## Section 31
That any person or firm who shall sell or dispose of spirituous or malt liquors without first having obtained a license to do so, as in this ordinance provided, shall for the first offence be fined in any sum not exceding one hundred dollars, and for each subsequent offense shall be fined one hundred dollars together with the costs of the prosecution, and may be imprisoned in the Village jail until such fine and costs are paid. Providen however, that such imprisonment shall not exceed thirty days.

## Section 32
Any person firm or corporation required by this, or any other ordinance to take out a license shall pay to the Village the sum or sums required to be paid therefore and the Village Clerk shall issue and sign all licenses and deliver them to the Marshal who is authorized to deliver them to the person entitled thereto, when they shall have paid the sum required therefore, and complied with the provisions of all ordinances or laws relating to obtaining the same.

## Section 33
All license issued as quarterly license shall expire on the last day of each fiscal quarter. The first Monday in August: The first Monday in November: The First Monday in February; The first Monday in May; and all licences issued as semi-annual licenses, shall expire upon the last day of each fiscal half year; The first Monday in May, and the first Monday in November, and all licenses issued as annual licenses shall expire on the last day of each fiscal year, the first Monday in May. Any such license may be issued at any time for aportion of any quarter, or six month to expire at the end of the quarter, or six months or year less a proportionate amount thereof for the portion or the quarter or six months that may have expired. No license shall be transferable.

## Section 34
The Village Clerk shall be entitled to collect and receive to be paid by the parties applying for such license twenty five cents for each license issued by him under the provisions of this or any other ordinances of the Village of St. Maries. The Marshal shall entitled to collect and receive twenty five cents from each person taking a license.

## Section 35
The Village Marshal shall immediately pay to the Treasurer all amounts collected for licenses under the provisions of this Ordinance and shall file with the Village Clerk a duplicate receipt for the same. All persons who fail to pay for license who are entitled and required to pay the same shall be liable to prosecution for the violation of this Ordinance, andit is made the duty of the Village Attorney to prosecute all such delinquents for such violations.

## Section 36
The provisions of this ordinances shall not apply to judicial officers or executive officers making sales by virtue of any judgment or decree of any court, nor to sales by executors administrators, or guardians.

## Section 37
Any person or persons who shall exercise or carry on or transact any business, trade or occupation for which a license is by this, or any other ordinance required without having taken out a license therefor, shall upon conviction therefore, unless a different punishment be provided herein, be fined in any sum not less than ten dollars and not more than one hundred dollars, together with the costs of the prosecution, and may be imprisoned in the Village jail until and costs are paid. Not however exceeding thirty days.

## Section 38
Dealers in hay, grain, flour and feed wholesale and retail shall pay a license of twelve dollars per annum payable annually in advance.

## Section 39
Provided that nothing in this ordinance contained shall apply to church festivals, fairs, or school, exhibitions or to any amateur society of this Village.

## Section 40
That all Ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith, be and the same are hereby, repealed.

## Section 41
This ordinance shall be in force and take effect from and after its approval and publication.

## Section 42
That all livery barns shall pay a license of $25.00 per annum to be paid annually in advance.

## Section 43
That all cheese factories and creamories shall pay a license of $10.00 per annum payable annually in advance.

## Section 44
That all laundrys shall pay a license of $5.00 per annum payable annually in advance.

## Section 45
That all hospitals shall pay a license of $25.00 per annum payable annually in advance.

Approved and passed this 6th day of November 1902. 

George Hoawk
Clerk.

JW Skelton
Chairman.
