# Ordinance 12

An Ordinance providing for the construction of sidewalks within the Village of St. Maries and the penalty forfailure to construct the same when so ordered by the Board of Trustees of said Village.

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St Maries, Idaho.

## Section 1
All sidewalks hereafter constructed within the limits of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, shall be one foot high, laid with the grade of the street and all planks or boards shall be one half inch apart, and not less than six feet wide. Any side walk that is three feet or more from the level of the street must be protected by a hand rail. 

## Section 2
That it is hereby declared to be the duty of the Village Board Supervisor or the Village Marshall, or any person specially appointedby the Board of Trustees for that purpose, to notify the owner of all lots or property fronting on the side of the street where the proposed sidewalk is ordered to be built, by serving such property owner, or his or her agent with a copy of the order of the said Board of Trustees for the construction thereof, and to order said property owner to begin construction thereof in accordance with said order within ten days and to have said sidewalk completed within thirty days from the date of such notice or order, the person serving such notices noting the date of service thereof.

## Section 3
If any person after having received the notice provided for in section two shall fail or refuse to build said sidewalk as ordered by the said Board of Trustees or shall fail to complete the same within the time required in the last section without a reasonable excuse for such delay, the Village Board Supervisor or Marshall shall report said fact together with the name of the party or parties and the description of the property or premises to the said Board of Trustees, who shall then by a special order entered upon its record fix the time for letting the contract for the construction of said sidewalk to other parties.

## Section 4
Where the said Board of Trustees let the building of said sidewalk to other parties by contract or otherwise, the full expense thereof and the costs of the proceedings may be recovered from the owner or occupant of said property by action in the name of the corporation in any court of competent jurisdiction.

Approved November 6, 1902.

Attest. George Hawk Clerk.

J W Skelton
Chairman
