# Ordinance 14

An Ordinance to appropriate money out of the general fund to pay the debts liabilities and expenditures of the Village of St. Maries or any part or item thereof.

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County State of Idaho.

## Section 1
That there be and is hereby appropriated out of the general fund $75 not otherwise appropriated for the payment of all the Village Officers for the remainder of the present fiscal year of 1902 and 1903 of the fiscal year commencing on the first day of November 1902, and said fund shall be known as the salary fund.

## Section 2
That there be and is hereby appropriated out of the funds to be derived from the collection of licenses in said Village all money derived from police or justice courts, fines, dog tax, and all moneys received from the justice court or police magistrate, city marshall or other Officers of said Village during the fiscal year commencing on the 1st Tuesday of May 1902 for the payment of the current expenses of said Village during the fiscal year the sum of $500.00 which fund shall be known as the current expense fund.

## Section 3
That there shall be and is hereby appropriated all funds received from road poll tax and all the funds not otherwise appropriated for the fiscal year commencing the first Tuesday of May 1902 for the payment of maintainance and extension and repairs of streets, sidewalks and other expenses incidental thereto in the said Village of St. Maries for said fiscal year which fund shall be known as the street fund.

## Section 4
All moneys derived from any other source if not otherwise appropriated shall be credited to and become a part of the current expense fund.

Approved November 6, 1902.

J W Skelton
Chairman.

Attest. Gorge Hawk
Village Clerk.
