
# Ordinance 15

An Ordinance prohibiting, hogs running at large and prescribeing a penalty for its violation.

Be it ordained by the Chairman and board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries.

## Section 1
That no hogs shall be allowed, to run at large in any of the Streets, Alleys, Lanes, or other public places, of the Village of St.Maries, and all hogs so running at large may be takeing up by the Village Marshal, and impounded in the Village ,Pound.

## Section 2
The village Marshal shall give immeadiate notice of the takeing up of any Hogs, to the owners thereof or by posting notices of the same in three, conspicuous places in this village.

## Section 3
If any hogs shall be takeing up, within the limits of the Village of St. Maries, at the expiration, of five days, after the giveing of the Official Notice, the village Marshal shall sell the same at, Public Auction; And after deducting the costs of keeping and selling, also One dollar, per head for impounding such hogs, he shall pay the remainder of such, procedes into the Village Treasure, to be paid to the owner of such hogs upon demand.

## Section 4
That any person owning hogs, and shall permit them to run at large, within the Village of St. Maries, in violation of Sec I. of this Ordinance, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemenor, and upon conviction thereof, shall be fined, in any amount not to excede Ten Dollars, for each offence, together with all costs for prosecution.

Approved November, 7 1902.
Attest George Hawk
Clerk

J W Skelton
Chairman
