# Ordinance 18

An ordinance ammending ordinance 8 and ordinance 16 which amends section 34 of ordinance 8.

Be it ordained by the chairman and board of the villiage trustees of the village of St. Maries, that ordinance 8 and ordinance 16 imposing and regulating licenses, regulating the manner of issuing  the same, and providing for a penalty for violations thereof and regulating the fees of the marshall of the said village, be and the same are hereby amended to read as follows:

## Section 1
That every person traveling on foot and selling goods within the corporate limits of the village of st maries, shall pay a tax of $65.00. If traveling iwth one animal five dollars per day; if travelling with two animals ten dollars per day.

## Section 2
That street hawkers shall pay a license of five dollars per day. Any one who shall offer for sale by outcry on the street, or shall conduct buiness from a stand, or wagon on the streets, shall be deemed a hawker under this ordinance.

## Section 3
That any person or persons who shall exhibit for pay, any caravan, managerie, or any collection of animals, circus, equestrian or any acrobatic performance, shall for each day's exhibition pay a tax of twenty five dollars. 

## Section 4
That the keeper, proprietor, or agent of any theatrical company or troupe, opera, concert, minstrel or sleight of hand performances, shall pay  alicense of two an one half dollars for the first day and one dollar for each subsequent day; provided that no license shall be required from any resident or residents of this village who shall give an exhibition for any benevolent or charitable purpose, or for the benefit of any religious, charitable, or deducational organization of this place.

## Section 5
All persons except persons selling newspapers, Bibles, and religious tracts, farmers or persons selling the products of their own farms, gardens or milk ranches, who offer to sell or retail goods, wares, merchandise, or other commodities, as traveling from place to place in the village of st maries shall be deemed peddlers under the provisions of sections 1 of this ordinance.

## Section 6
It shall be the duty of the village marshall to collect the taxes provided for in this ordinance, and it shall be his duty to file with the justice of the peace, a complaint against any person failing to pay the same. 

## Section 7
That from and after teh apassage of this ordinance there shall be paid to the marshall of the village of st Maries by the persons engaged in the following named occupations and business, in the said village the following named sums as and for a license to carry on said occupation or business.

## Section 8
Each and every auctioneer shall pay a lisence of fifty dollars per year, payable annually in advance.

## Section 9
Each broker shall pay the same of twenty four dollars per year, payable annually in advance.
The term broker shall include bankers, stock brokers, exchange brokers, and pawn brokers.

## Section 10
For each one horse dray, wagon, cart or truck, five dollars each; two horse dray, wagon cart or truck, ten dollars and for each additional team, five dollars, used for carrying goods, wares, merchandise, lumber, stone, earth, sand, gravel, or other substance for hire, either by the monthy, trip, day or job within the corporate limits of the village of St Maries, shall pay an annual license of five dollars for every one horse truck, wagon or cart, and ten dollars for every two horse wagon or cart and five dollars for each additional team, payable annually in advance.

## Section 11
For each shooting gallery there shall be paid the sum of twenty dollars per year, payable quarterly  in advance.

## Section 12
For each bowling alley there shall be paid the sum of twenty dollars per year payable quarterly in advance.

## Section 13
For each meat market or butcher shop there shall be paid ten dollars per year payable annually in advance.

## Section 14
For each bakery and confectionary store, there shall be paid ten dollars per year, payable annually in advance.

## Section 15
For each general grocery or book and shoe store there shall be paid ten dollars per year, payable annually in advance.

## Section 16
The owners or managers of every drinking saloon, bar room, sample room, or place where spiritious or malt liquors are sold or disposed of by the drink, in quantities of less than one pint, shall pay a license of two hundred and fifty dollars per annum, payable yearly in advance, except where they conflict with the higher license, and all liquors to tbe drunk on the premises shall be deemed to be sold by the drink, and all liquors disposed of by gift, or otherwise in connection with lunch counters shall come within the provisions of this ordinance; provided that no license shall be required for liquors sold by apothecaries and druggists upon the perscription of a regularly practicing physician for medical purposes only.

## Section 17
For each general merchandise, handware, and furniture stores, there shall be paid twenty five dollars per year, payable annually in advance.

## Section 18
For each cigar or fruit stands or stores, shall be paid a license of five dollars per year, payable annually in advance.

## Section 19
Hotels, restaurants, eating houses, and lunch counters, and lodging houses, except private families who keep less than four bourders, shall pay a license of twenty follars per year, payable annually in advance.

## Section 20
Each and every drug store shall pay a license of ten dollars per year payable annually in advance.

## Section 21
The owner or manager of every black smith shop shall pay a license of ten dollars per year, payable annually in advance.

## Section 22
Each and every attorney and counselor at law shall pay a license of five dollars per year, payable annually in advance.

## Section 23
Each and every dentist shall pay a lisence of five dollars per year, payable annually in advance.

## Section 24
The owner or manager of each and every barber shop shall pay a license of five dollars per year, payable annually in advance.

## Section 25
Each and every jeweler shall pay a license of five dollars per year, payable annually in advance.

## Section 26
Each and every merchant tailor shall pay a license of five dollars per year payable annually in advance.

## Section 27
Each and every notion or racket store shall pay a license of five dollars per year payable annually in advance.

## Section 28
Each and every insurance agent shall pay a license of five dollars per year, payable yearly in advance, and each and every real estate and rental agent shall pay a license annually of five dollars in advance.

## Section 29
Each and every contractor and builder, shall pay a lisence of five dollars per year, payable annually in advance.

## Section 30
The owner or manager of each and every printing office shall pay a license of five dollars per eyar, payable annually in advance.

## Section 31
That every person or firm who shall sell or dispose of spiritious or malt liquors, with out first having obtained a license to do so, as in this ordinance provided, shall for the first offence, be fined in any sum not exceeding one hundred dollars, and for each subsequent offense shall be fined one hundred dollars, together with the costs of the procecution and may be imprisoned in the village jail, until such fines and costs are paid, provided, however, that such imprisonment shall not exceed thirty days.

## Section 32
Any person, firm or corporation required by this or any other ordinance to take out a license shall pay to the village the sum or sums required, to be paid therefore and the village clerk shall isssue and sign all licenses and deliver them to the marshall, who is authorized to deliver them to the person entitled thereto, when they shall have paid the sum required therefore, and complied with the provisions of all ordinances or laws relating to obtaining the same.

## Section 33
All licenses issued as quarterly licenses shall expire on the last day of each fiscal quarter the first monday in August, the first monday in November, the first Monday in February and the first Monday in May, and all licenses issued as semi-annual licenses, shall expire upon the last day of each fiscal half year, the first Monday in May and the first Monday in November; and all licenses issued as annual licenses shall expire on the last day of each fiscal year, the first Monday in May. Any such license may be issued at any time for a portion of any quarter, or six months, or year, less a proportionate ammount thereof for the portion of the quarter or six months or year that may have expired. No license shall be transferable.

## Section 34
That all fees due the marshall for issuing licenses shall be paid out of the general fund of the village; said fees not to exceed twenty five cents to the marshal for each license issued.

## Section 35
The village marshall shall immediately pay to the village treasurer all amounts collected for licenses under the provisions of this ordinance, and hall file with the village clerk at duplicate receipt for the same, all persons who fail to pay for license who are entitled and required to pay the same, shall be liable to prosection for the violation of this ordinance, and it is made the duty of the village attorney to prosecute all such deliquents for such violations.

## Section 36
The provisions of this ordinance shall not apply to judicial officers or executive officers making sales by virtue of any judgment or decree of any court, nor to sales by executors, administrators or guardians.

## Section 37
Any person or persons who shall exercise or carry on or ttransact any business trad or occupation for which a license is by this or any other ordance required without having taken out a license therefore shall upon conviction therefore, unless a different punishment be provided herein, be fined in any sum not less than ten dollars nor more than one hundred dollars, together with the costs of the prosecution, and may be imprisoned in the village jail until such fine and costs are paid, not however, exceeding thirty days.

## Section 38
Dealers in Hay, grain, flour, and feed wholesale and retail shall pay a license of twelve dollars per annum, payable annually in advance.

## Section 39
Provided that nothing in this ordinance contained shall apply to church festivals, fairs, or sehad exhibitions, or to any amateur society of this village.

## Section 40
That all livery barns shall pay a license of twenty five dollars per annum, to be paid annually in advance.

## Section 41
That all cheese factories and creameries shall pay a license of ten dollars per annum payable semi-annually in advance,

## Section 42
That all laundries shall pay a license of five dollars per annum payable annually in advance.

## Section 43
That all hospitals shall pay a license of twenty five dollars per annum, payable annually in advance.

## Section 44
Taht all ordinances or parts of ordinances in conflict here with be and the same are hereby repealed.

## SEction 45
This ordinance shall be in force and take effect from and after its approval and publication.

Approved May 4th, 1903

J W Skelton, Chairman

Attest
Thas. C. White
Village Clerk.
