# Ordinance 23. 
dinance providing for the taxation in the village of it maries, ardained by the larman and board stees of the village 
St Maries, Kostenalles, d Sect That the. 
I trus 
person having in 
large within 
clage any dog permitted to run at to fall a 
the 
av 
each. 
the sun 
olay, 
2 
one 
on 
Texrporate limits of the village before the first Tuesday in may 
in the village treasury 
of year pe hollar for each male day, and 
pay 
dog, the sum of three dollars for each female 
which shall entitll him to a receipt from the treasurer, designating the owner name and the number of the license, which number shall correspond with that worn by the dog provided for that year, 
That nor 
from 
See 
dog 
shall be permitted to 
the 
streets 
men at large lauks having a collar of leather or metal lens, alleys or public places of the 
places with squares 
without. 
seemed around his neck, with the number of the license stamped an engraved 
Theron, 
seet The treasurer shall keep a suitable 
e of the licenses granted and on the expiration of the annual time for 
sung licenses, shall give the 
village marshal 
marshal a list of the mumbers which have not been renewed and 
the owners or 
the names. 
shall be 
r representatived 
or 
of the dogs having such renewment numbe Sutt. The term. 
for which such licenses granted shall be from the first Tuesday of the fiscal year in which the license is granted until the first Tuesday of may of the succeeding sexy. I shall be the duty of the village Marshal to 
year seize Hill and properly bury in some suitable place all dogs found running at large in vide- tion of sex II of this ardinance: also all dogs wearing collare on which the owners. any and or representatives have failed to pay renew licenses: provided that when a dog wearing a collar has been taken marshal shall notify the owner or represent- 
up tive thereof, who' may thereupon recover ressusion upon payment of the license to he treasures, and a fee of fifty cents to marshal for each mall dog and a of one dollar for each female dog: wiled further that no dog shall be lles unless it has been kept in the Jeanser was leash hay eight hours, pound at 
Forty any person 
or inhabitant of this flage permitting any dog of which he is 
6.8 
Clay 
the 
abrood un 
owner, or over which he has control, to go. 
any of the streets squares, lanes, public places of this village without her this first paid the license required having 
this 
ordinance and having the number 
alley ar peuplex felaces 
deveof stamped or engraved upon a collar 
thereof 
you such d 
upon 
or who shall 
dog 
as 
Therein before 
cause. 
suffer a 
provided 
collar or number. 
to be placed or remain with intent to 
onviction of such 
void payment of ?competent jurisdiction be subject court 
license shall, upon. 
Line 
of 
a 
not less than five dollars nor 
more than ten dollars. 
east. It shall be the duty of the village marshal to prosecute all violations of 
Ordinance 
this 
dees! No license shall be issued for less 
than 
Spent 
one 
ardinances in 
See all ardinances or parts of conflict with this ordinance are See A). This ordinance shall 
force 
upon 
publication. 
Do 
до 
hereby repealed. into effect and approval and after 
passage and approval and 
Fassed and approved June 
ttest: Thos. C. White clerk. 
5-1903 
& 
J Ht Skelton Chairman 
