& inaner introduced by Muster Magn 
Jet 5, 1908 Belly Martin 
at meeting on Johns 
# Ordinance No. 24 
Providing that certain resides pofum laber on the struts alleys and within the corporate limits, and 
petere 
in case 
of failuon to appear. 
Reil ordained by the Chainman and Board of Imuters of the village of si Maries, tootenai County, Alab 
Section 1. Every able bodied male resident, 
between the age of twenty . 
宏 
-one and 
fifty gian 
within 
between the first day of Aprie se Maries, thall, 
September of each 
hx factory 
n 
my 
substitute or 
the 
for satis 
the rain of foyer Dollar 
tute or by paying hotponential in My perform two days laboreepon the struts, lleys, bridges or highways within the corporate lines. Provided however, that all persons 
persons having en heir forcession a recups that they have performed such roas flaber elsewhere during the current year, and all persons who may be exempt from performing such laber by laws under the flats and county shall be exempt. term 
Section 2. The tem residents, as used in section 1 of this ordinance, chall be defined to include all de- tual residents, 
l persons who may be in the. 
village for the purpose of engagingen some purend a longer period chantoon 
rocepatim daud remain 
S 
a 
Love who have habitually make their place Me evithin the corporate livints and remain period of ten day loyed as cook al a poiler of not less 
though such not less han eminente village for got clarin actual residence in the 
residence in the willage. 
at a time, those who are 
in 
Joh 
coyor for with of the corporate themiits toperiod of not werken two wake Section 5. The street commissimes shall give written notice, from time to time, to such persons as may be required to perform such labor, desig. nated in section, and 2 of this ordinance, such notier shall dirch such person tolppear himal or satisfaction substitute, or make payment is cush at the rate of "s per day, 
for each 
day's certain time and place prepared to perform the laber required in sections of this ordinana. Such 
be notice shall be issued as to five such person three days notice for appearance. 
3 
al a 
Rection 4. When notified to appear to perform labor, as provided in sectim I of this ordinance, any person foils to soappear himals or by sub- titute at the appointed time and place, the much erson shake be arraigned for violation of section this ordinance and shale on conviction thereof fined in 
in the sum of 5 or three days imprison one in the village jail, or both as the court mag 
fit. 
ень 
ет 
45 
Breding 
and 
Ordinance & 04, 
that certain residents perform laber he streets, alleys and highwege within the of the village of de marine, porate limits. 
fixing penallty 
Be 
in east. 
I failure to 
it ardained by the abairman and board 
the village of Sh Maries, 
Quillage 
2 trustees 
tenai County, State of Idalls; Scenery able-bodied male resident between 
one and fifty years, within the ages of twenty. thcorporate limits of the village of ex manes Will, between the firthday of April and the th day of September of each year, either Whimself or satisfactory substitute, or by Paying the sun 
I four money, perform two days labor upon outs, alleys, bridges or highwage within the corporate limits, 
sich 
dollars in 
the 
rally the terme resident as used in seat) of This ordinance, shall be defined to 
ctual residents; all 
the 
engage 
a 
persons who may 
be in 
village for the purpose of seeking to 
in some pursuit or accupation and longer period than ten days: within the corporate limits and remain. 
who habitually make their place of abode 
a 
period of ten days at a time: 
& 
Se 
who 
are 
employed at work at any 
not 
in the village for a period of chan ten days, though such do not 
actual residence in the village, 
# The strat commissioner shall give, witten notice. 
persons such 
solate 
be 
from time to time to such 
to perform required to designated in wes 4 & 4 1& 2)? 
as may laber, 
éred 
this ordinance, such notice shall Which such 
person himself, or satisfactory duktitute or make payment in each at the rate of 
$500 
per day for each days laser, to 
appear at a certain time and underty of this ordinance, Such notice prepared to perform the labor requis thall be issued so as to give such person chundays notice for appearance, dest. If a fine or imprisonment as templated in ordinance number (13) thirteen If the village of St Maries is imposed, such shall not prevent any person con- vited to again being notified to appear and 
puform the labor required fin des 
1 of this ordinance, nor shall such 
action for 
eraiction and sentence bar any 
the collection. 
such delingnent 
road tax and the manner. prouded for by law. 
con- 
12 
se 
This ordinance shall 
effect upon reation, posed and. 
до Joassage 
into force 
2 and 
June 5-1903 
7 clerk. 
There C. White. Jul. Shelton Chairman 
