denying general 
# Ordinance 27. a tax for 
the 
e fiscal year of 1903, for purposes, also making approprictions various funds for the year, it ordained by the Chairman and 
of trustees 
2 
the village 7 St Maries 
Bustinas County, 
County, Idaho: 
be I There shall be and is hereby levied all property bath real and personal, 
corporate limits of the village 
within the 
༡༦༦༢ 
Maries, Nootenai County. Idoho, 
タ 
ach to taxation, for the year 1803, for geural revenue purposes the sum of ten mills said village, 
on the dollar for all property Valuations both real and personal, as provided by the laws of the State of Idaho. 
II. That there be, and hereby is, 
appro- inted out of the funds to be derived from The collection of licenses in the village of Maries during the fiscal year 1903, for and recent superes Draid villege 
gras sum of one hundred seventy dollars $7000) the payment of salaries of the village fers during said fiscal year, commencing First Tuesday in Amay - 1903, and fund shall be known as the salary und 
наго 
the 

II That there be, and hereby is, appro- 
the 
ted out of the funds to be derived from funds derived from the taxation of erty for general purposes, and collection derived from court 
Tenses, all moneys 
Lines, 
The 
dog lax, impounding stock, and all meyo received from other cources by 
village of St Maries, fire hundred and wenty dollars ($52020) for the payment of spenses of street work in the village of Mails during the ficcal year, which and shall be known as the street fund. e. That there be, and hereby is, apportioned Junds to be derived from the taxation of property for general purposes the collection of houses, all moneys derived from court fines, dostox, impounding stock, and moneys received from other sources, and not already apportioned 
any particular fund, all moneys 
Sart 
the 
to be credited to and become a 
emaining out of a fund for the payment of all in- dental expenses for the village of St Mails 
the fiscal year commencing on 
Curing 
First Tuesday 
in 
and shall be known 
pense Fund. 
on all 
May-1903, which as the incidental. 
I the village Treasurer shall appor- 
all moneyo I 
the village of St Maries, or in his hands to the clifferent funda 
as apper shall also 
eind 
giring 
tioned in this ardinance, and 
appartion all money paid out the commencement 
of the fiscal 
Fiscal year 
7 
credit to the different funds In the amount 
the sum paid that account, He shall also keep a 
He shall paid out on reand of the standing of the several Junds. eet his ordinance phall 
record 
ffect 
upon publication 
its 
go into 
and after passage and 
Passed and approved July & 
8-1903 
Skelton 
Nov. 6. White click. What haltine Chairman 
