W 
berate 
lines 
ll 
Village. Ordinance In. 28, 
Am Ordinand Authaizing The Interstate Telephone Company, to successors assigns, to construct, maintain and, Telephone time lines and Telegraph, along, upon, 
over and under any and A of the streets and allege, within the perate limits of the village of Shmainen, th piers, abutinents conducts, subways, ather structures necessary 
cassary or propper aupporting, protecting and se 
and operating such 
use of the streets 
said 
lines, and granting nd alleys of 
Willage, therefor for the m of twenty (20) years, such permet to granted by the board der the following condition ye trustees. Be it ordained by the chairman board Trustees 
of tenailed, susters of the willage ) et Marine 
то 
2 
Idaho. 
The Interstate Telephone bo, 
a 
rporation organized and existing under the the State of Washington. 
akington and thorized to do business in the state 
are 
Idaho, its auccessors and assigns, reinafter designated as the grantees, reby granted the right to construct, caintain and aperate telephone lines and gresit 
hh lines, along, upon, over and 
wice when 
dard building 
Bru 
12 
nse 
der any and all of the streets and alleys 
thin the 
corporate limits of the village 
& Maries; 
mares, to 
ᄉ 
We 
în 
to construct, said streets and 
and 
atesting an 
maintain and 
tments, conduits, subways, and all other ictures necessary of propper, for supporting, wires, insulators and other 
operating much lives, and such lines: and to was suck alleys for the 
tures 
2 
wto atteets and 
specified for 
See. I 
hinged 
neassary 
the terme purposes I tiventy 
+ The poles of said lines hereby rized to be created shall be placed at outer edge of the earb or 
the curb or sidewalk 
on the same 
said 
be erected, and poles shall be as set as not to may fe with the flow I water in 
of 
drain in said village, 
location I said poled 
gutter 
บ 
all de pomits). 
I 
he 
determin 
med 
by 
said board of 
height of not 
ister, and all wires placed thereon. 
maintained at a 
timenty (20) Jeek 
(20) feet above any or street surface 
A than Jawalk 
crossing 
and village e dos trustees expressly. 
e 
erver 
the 
The 
to order and 
enforce 
ли 
right and change & location poles erected by virtue of the I this permit; whenever 
removal dall othe 
the 
said board of 
Deval. mida. 
See IV 
(3) 
trustees shall order such 
and change of location, such and change of location shall be at the expense of 
the village. 
the right 
ious 
The 
village further expreeulg 
to cut away 
and remove. 
reserves 
or wires, erected by virtur of the pro- of this permit, whenever, un carr onflagration, such cutting away ursery and the village shall not be held for any damages occasioned by the Englaway or removal of any polis 
wills 
Je V 
20 aut 
away 
ar removed. 
whenever it shall becoms 
shall become. 
ar 
necessary 
texcavate in, or 
rfere with, 
any 
ather 
manner to 
street 
the 
alley 
any 
qunters shall complete the work as soon 
practicable, and without delay restore ch street or alley to as 
auch 
good condition 
interfered with: And in 
refuse or neglect 
abe gore 
he hare it was 
Jove 
grantees shall 
2 
case tha 
31 
s 
todo, after three day's notice in writing quer restoration may be made by the 
auch 
ད། 
village 
See II 
to 
мия 
Jany 
at the 
any 
street 
expense of 
y building, he 
o2 
the 
When any person shall obtain permission 
alley for the removal of ing to the grantles, accompanied by 
may give notice in 
t less than (5) füe days after auch 
permit, specifying 
Copy 
cmy 
the 
a tunz, 
ice. When said building will 
moved 
d 
av 
over 
any place 
in such 
alley where it will interfere 
th the wires of the grantees, Tha water shall thereupon raise or remove 
e 
wires at such 
or 
places, to allow the passage the grantees 
sufficient time 
building; and un 
the 
Carr 
fuse or neglect, the street commissioner 
all raise. 
ar 
летог 
remova 
the wires at 
expense of the grantees, 
VIII 
intain 
The grantees shall at all times 
ffice within the village 
au 
u shall be in charge of 
anager 
Lek 
a 
resident, 
agent of the grantees and apen for business during the usual iness hours. Natices, provided for in 
permit, may be served an inties by delivery thereof to the resident 
agent; or, 
K 
av 
wed at the 
fued 
the office 
the 
be 20 
مم 
or. They may Je village by delivery thereof to any person the grantees within the time in charge of de re in the employ I 
ле 
ee L 
If 
لله 
said office, or grantees. any time 
the village, at 
and the term for which this 
ther 
granted, shall grant aux 
Franchise 
morn 
or 
like 
purposes, upon conditions or with priviléges Javorable to the grantees thereof and respect then are the terms, 
privilege of this permit to 
nditions, 
a 
or 
(ប។ 
inters thereof, auch terms, de tims and privileges 
b the 
The 
2 
shall 
enure to the 
grantees thereof in like 
по 
if they 
wuch and with like effect. 
embraced in this permit 
of the village, at any time during 
which this franchiss is 
mere. 
See IX 
for 
ted shall grant any ather franchise 
pour poses, 
determ 
like 
the 
grantees here f 
Hall, 
upon 
direction 
of 
by 
the board 
Hello hone 
any 
trutees of the village, connect their 
agatums 
with the telephone the grantees of such ather 
either 
Com- 
auching, in such manner that 
system may pation of municate dirletly with any pation of 
other 
ther system. Regulations and charges nnection and joint 
the 
for such 
several 
моя 
hall be made by the grantees of the ural systems, subject to approval by the board of trustees 
ли 
may 
Casa 
20 
of the 
the village; Ar such grantees do not make, 
publish and enforce, regulations and 
approved, the board of trusteed from time to ting prescribe andable regulations and charges, which 
the grantees of 
shall be binding upon 
the 
eneral systems. 
may 
Z the 
I The village J St marries shall not held liable for any damages 
which sustained by 
reason of carelessness. the erection and constructions sand wires over the streets and alleys, 
granters shall be held 
the 
all such damages, 
responsible 
the 
Every right and privilege of 
provided for, and every 
tees herein 
the 
grantees, 
gation herein imposed upon allapply to its successors and assigns. 
Le X on ito 
ter 
This Ardinance to 
Jassage publication, Placed on 
and 
on second 
си 
Placed 
Placed 
Pussed and 
до 
into 
effect 
approval and 
21-1903 
First reading July 
reading July 21-1905 reading Aug 7-17 0 5. 
third 
approved Aug 7-1908. 
John M. Saltar 
test. Thos. Ce. White. Village clerk. 
bheinnen 
