
Ardinance 29, 
dinown providing the The qualifed 
an election. 
the village of 24. Marie 
a 
Amor Amuly, Idaho ? to vote ou à for the issuance of coupons 
purpose of constructing 
a 
proposi 
Lande 
water-works 
um fart said village, and prescribing how bands shall be issued and providing sinking fund for the redemption 
a 
ach and the manner d 
bands 
he interest there on. 
apponung pers to serve at a clction, 
ee 
Saidh 
the ebairman and 
Be it ardained by the village of St Maries 
rd of trustes, 20 
g 
mal County, Coloho, 
, that an elation shall be held the village of St Maries, Kootenai County Raho, 
Saturday the 12-1903 between hours of 9 oclock A.M, and 7 aclack P. M. the office of V.B. Rollins, est What Sat such election a 
issue compon 
persparaiting bands by the village of St. aries in the amount of 18% (Jiften prakt) he real estate of the real estate value of the 
ind village of St Maries, 
ounty 
as shown on 
o the 
1902, for the 
assessment rolle og for 
of 
pare I providing money after 
onstruction of 
ng moralks systeme 
water.. 
the 
the 
2.. 
Jo village of St Marces, be submitted qualified voters of said Villay That such compout bands shall be bemable in Jeften (10) years 
years from the their issuance, and shall bear rukt at the rate of (6) aix perent per 
tr of 
I 
That the interest on such bonds shall be 
the incidental fand 
ind out 
I 
of the 
2 age treasury semi-annually. 
That for the purpose of securing payment of the principle of the bondo pro- 
inf this ordinantes after the 
cration of six (6) years from the issuance said bonds, ar created and maintained for the redemption of 
Binking fund shall be bonds, Such sinking fund shall be created. Maintained in the following manner; during h fiscal year him the designated time until bonds are redemed, the sum of Irur hundred 200 colors shall be set aside from the revenue of the 
four lage, for the redemptions of the principle of the 
ds 
II. 
or called elections who shall serve for the be, J.B. Reeves, Hout, Rollins, Judges: J. E. Williams, 2. Averselen, clucks, Landeryou, distributing clerk, Phos, &. White gistrar. 
In 
its 
& day f 
This ordinance shall go Passe Passage 
and 
Movember 1.903. 
Thos. C. White. 
and Youthration approved this 
into effect 
Village 
૬ 
« clerk. 
J 
N Helton 
Chairman 
