# Ordinance 30 
An ordinance retraining stock running at large within the Village of St Maries presenting penalty for its Violation.
Be it Ordained by the Chanman and board of trustees of the Village of St Maries Kootenai County and State of Idaho.

## 1
That no horses Catte Sheep or Hogs shall be allowed to run at Large in any of the streets lanes or alleys of the village of Saint Maries and all animals so running at large may be taken up by the Village Marshal and, impounded in pound or enclosure to be provided by the board of trustees and such animals shall be provided with proper care food and water while so confined. 

## 2
The Village Marshal shall immediately give Notice to the owners there of 
it suck owners be known of the taking ach of suck Animals with a discription there of and of such owners are not known than by porting Notices in three conspicuous places in the Village of St Maries 
If any of the animate mentioned chane tu 
E 
16 
and all Animals 
tatten rep within the limits of the village of St Maries, at the expiration of fine lag alter giving of the official Natice the Village. Marshal, shall sell at public Auction to the 
days highest bidder for Bash any So tatten auf and after deducting the cast of Keeping and selling together with one dollar for head for the tathing up of such Animals and ten per cent of the amount of the sales he shall pay the remainder of such proceeds into the Village treasury to be paid Provided Haween that the owners of any 
of such animals repon demand Stock so taken up may redeem such animals within five days after the takeing ap and before the sale by first paying for the cave and Heeking of such Animals the porting of Notices together with the fee of one dollar Marshal fees 
to the 
owners. 
In addition to the provisions provided. for in Section three of this Ordinance a Wilfiell Violation of any of the provision. of this Ordinance shall be deemed a Misde- on and punished by a fine of not less than five dollars and not more then twint together with all costs of prossent. 
Than Eight 
menor 
five collars 
orty cimprisonmet in the Village Jail. 
For 
not 
caps or 
the 
Less than one or more 
and imprisonment at 
Court 
both fine and dis exction of any 
d 
harg 
Jurisdiction and the Continuance or maintaining of such violation of this Ordinance Shall be deemed a new offene 
ebt 
For Each 
day 
on. 
which the same is so maintained and may be 
continued de maintained punished accordingly, 
All Ordinances 
or part of Ordinance in 
Conflict with this Ordinance is hereby repealed and wherely an emergency exists Therefore This Ordinance shall be in force and Effect from and after its Approval and publication Afproved this Ind 
day of May 98, 1901 
Chairman 
Thomas C Whix Settin 
Clerk 
