# Ordinance 32

Ordinance to repeal Ordinance No 8. of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, State of Idaho, and to impose an ordinance to regulate licences, regulating the manner of issuing the same and providing for penalty for Violation thereof. 

Be it Ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries.

## Section 1
That Ordinance No 8. of the Village of St. Maries be and the same hereby repealed.
  
## Section 2
That from and after the passage of this Ordinance there shall be paid to the Marshall of the Village of St. Maries by the persons engaged in the following named occupations and business in the said village the following named sums as, and for a Licenses to carry on said occupation or business.
  
## Section 3
The owner or manager of every drinking Saloon, Bar Room, Sample Room or place where spirituous or malt liquors are sold or disposed of by the drink in quanities of less than one pint, shall pay a Licensed of One hundred dollars, per annum, payable yearly in advance. And all liquors to be drank on the premises shall be deemed to be sold by the drink, and all intoxicating liquors desposed of by gift or otherwise in connection with lunch counters shall come within the provisions of this ordinance provided that no license shall be required for liquors sold by Apothecaries and Drugists, upon the prescription of a regular practicing Physician for medical purposes only.

## Section 4
That any person or firm who shall sell or despose of spiritous or maly liquors, without first having obtained a license to do so as in this Ordinance provided, shall for the first offense be fined in any sum not exceeding one hundred dollars, and for each subsequent offense shall be finéd one hundred dollars togather with the costs of the prosecution and may be imprisioned in the Village Jail untill such fine and costs are paid, provided however that such imprisonment shall not exceed thirty days.

## Section 5
That every person traveling on foot selling and delivering goods within the corporate limits of the Village of St Maries, shall pay a license of three dollars per day and if traveling with one or more animals, five dollars per day.

## Section 6
That street hawkers shall pay a license of five dollars per day, any one who shall offer for sale by outcry on the streets or shall conduct business from a stand or wagon on the streets shall be deemed a hawker under this ordinance.

## Section 7
That any person or persons who shall exhibit for pay any caravan, Menagerie or any collection of animals, circus equestian or any acrobatic performance shall for each days exhibition pay a license of ten dollars.

## Section 8
That the Keeper, Proprieter or Agent of any Theatrical company or troops, Opera, Concert, Minstrel or slight of hand performers shall pay a license of Two dollars and fifty cents for the first day and one dollar, for each subsequent day provided that no license shall be required from any resident or residents of this Village who shall give an exhibition for any benevolent or charatable purpose or for the benefit of any religous charitable or educational organization of this place.

## Section 9
That all License issued as annual license shall expire on the last day of the fiscal year the first Monday in May. And such License may be issued at any time for a portion of a year less a preportionate amount thereof for the portion that may have expired. No License shall be transferreable.

## Section 10
 It shall be the duty of the Village Marshall to collect the taxes provided for in this ordinance and immediately pay to the Village Treasury all amounts collected for licenses under the provisions of this ordinance. And it shall be his duty to file with the Justice of the Peace a complaint against any person failing to pay the same.

## Section 11
 Any person or persons who shall exercise or carry on or transact business trade or occupation for which a license is by this or any other ordinance required without having taken out a license therefor shall upon coviction therefor unless a different punishment be provided herein, be fined in any sum not less than ten dollars, and not more than one hundred dollars, together with the costs of the prosecution and may be imprisioned in the Village Jail untill such fine and costs be paid. Not however exceeding thirty days.

## Section 12
 All Ordinances or part of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance are hereby repealed and whereas an emergency exists therefor this Ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and publication.

Approved this 2nd day of may 1904.

Attest Thomas C. White Clerk.

J W Skelton
Chairman.
