
# Ordinance 33

An ordinance levying a tax for the fiscal year of 1904 for general purposes, and appropriating the monies received in the Village Treasury during the fiscal year of 1904, to the various funds. 

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St Maries. Kootenai County, State of Idano:

## Section 1
There shall be and hereby is levied upon all property, both real and personal, within the corporate limits of the Village of St Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho, subject to taxation, for the fiscal year 1904, for general revenue purposes of said Village, the sum of ten (10) mills on the dollar for all property valuation, as provided by the laws of the State of Idaho.

## Section 2
That there be and hereby is appropriated out of all funds to be derived from the licenses collected within the Village of St Maries for the fiscal year 1904, the sum of one hundred and twenty five dollars. ($125.00) to the fund for payment of officers, known as the "salary fund".

## Section 3
That there be and hereby is appropriated out of the funds derived from the collection of licenses, and from money derived from the proportion of county saloon licenses paid to the Village, the sum of four hundred dollars, ($400.00) to the fund for the improvement of streets, alleys, and bridges, within the Village of St Maries, known as the "street fund".

## Section 4 
That all funds derived from court fines, impounding of stock, from the taxation of property within the Village of St Maries and monies derived from licenses collected within the Village, and from the proportion of county saloon licenses paid to the Village of St Maries and not otherwise appropriated, and money received from all other sources, shall and hereby is appropriated to and shall become a part of the fund for payment of incidental expenses of the Village of St Maries, known as the "incidental fund".

## Section 5
The Village Treasurer shall apportion and accredit the money received from the various named sources to the various funds as provided in this ordinance, and shall keep a record of the standing of the various funds.

## Section 6
This ordinance shall go into effect upon its approval and publication.

Approved,

Chairman.

Attest.

Clerk.
