
# Ordinance 34

An ordinance granting a franchise to the Rocky Mountain Bell Telephone Company to occupy streets and alleys, with poles, wires and other necessary fixtures to furnish to the public telephone communication. 

Be it ordained by the Chairman and board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries.

## Section 1
That there is hereby granted to the Rocky Mountain Bell Telephone Company, a corporation.its successors and assigns, hereinafter designated as the grantees, the right to place and maintain poles and wires with arms, braces and other fixtures necessary there unto, over and upon the streets, alleys and public ways of said village, for the purpose of supplying to the public communication by telephone or other improved electrical device.

## Section 2
IN CONSIDERATION WHEREOF, the said grantees shall agree to allow the said village to attach at any time to any of the said poles the said city fire alarm or police wires, provided the same shall be placed and maintained so as not to interfere with the said Company's use, and under the direction of said Company's manager in said city. And said Company is to furnish for Village business free of charge and with exchange service so long as an exchange is maintained hereunder one telephone at the residence of the Village Marshall.

## Section 3
No electric light or other wire used for carying heavy currents of electricity shall approach to or cross the line of any telephone, police or fire alarm wire at a distance of less than four feet above or below said telephone, police, fire alarm or other wire, Whenever any such wire is maintained in violation of any of the provisions hereof the owner or person in a written charge of said wire shall remove the same same upon receiving notice to do so, and in case they shall fail to do so may be removed by order of the city marshall at their expence.

## Section 4
Any person not having the right or authority to do so who shall interfere with, cut, remove, break, deface or destroy any telephone police or firealarm pole, wire, fixture or instrument within the corporate limits of said village and any person without authority to do so, who shall use said poles for the purpose of pasting thereon bills, or advertisments of any kind, or who shall violate any of the provisions of this ordinance, shall be fined in any sum not exceeding one-hundred dollars, and the costs of prosecution for each offence.

## Section 5
When any person shall obtain permission to use any street or alley for the removal of any building he may give notice in writting to the grantees, accompanied by a copy of such permit, specifying a time not less than five days after such service when such building will be removed over any place in such street or alley, when it shall raise or remove the wires at such place or places for sufficient time to allow the passage of the building, and in case the grantees refuse or neglect to so raise or remove the wires the street commissioner or other authorized officer of the Village of St. Maries shall raise or remove such wires at the expence of the grantees.

## Section 6
The poles of said lines hereby authorized to be erected shall be placed at the outer edge of the curb or sidewalk where- on the same may be erected and the said poles shall be set so as not to interfere with the flow of water in any gutter or drain in said village; and the points of location of said poles shall be determined by said board of Trustees, and all wires placed thereon shall be maintained at a height of not less than twenty feet above any sidewalkcrossing, or street surface in said village.

## Section 7
The provisions of this ordinance shall be void unless an unconditional acceptance thereof is placed on file in the office of the clerk by said Rocky Mountain Bell Telephone Village Compamy.

## Section 8
The right hereby granted shall not be exclusive, but the board of Trustees reserve the power to grant to others a like right-of-way.

## Section 9
The right is granted for a term of fifteen (15) years.

Passed and approved this 9th day of July, 1904
John W Skelton, Chairman

Attest Thomas C. White, Clerk.
