# Ordinance 35 

An ordinance providing for the appointment of a Fire Marshall, the care of and maintainance of suitable apparatus for protection against fires, and fixing penities for interferance with such aperatus.

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St Maries, Kootenai County, Idado:

## Section 1
That there shall be appointed by the Board of Trustees a fire marshall.

## Section 2
In case of an organization of a volunteer fire department, such department may from time to time submit to the Board of Village Trustees the name of a capable person for appointment as fire marshall, and further such department may make any recommendation for the interests o protection against Fires.

## Section 3
The fire marshall shall have immediate charge of all apparatus owned and controlled by the Village for the protection against Fire, and shall direct in person or either by a deputy, appointed by him, all work in case of a fire within the corporate limits, and shall perfomm such other duties as the Board of Trustees may direct.

## Section 4
It shall be unlawful for any person or persons to disturb, disfigure, interfere with, take or remove, or tamper in any manner with, unless under authority of the fire marshall, and bucket, ladder, hose, pump, truck, or any other apparatus owned or controlled by the Village and which have been placed in convenient places or are being used for the used for the purpose of extinguishing fires.

## Section 5
When in case of any fire or during the time any fire drill is going on, the hose is laid on any street, alley, or lot within the corporate limits, it shall be unlawful for any person or persons to drive a wagon or any other vehicle over such hose, or cut or uncouple or interfere in any manner with the working of such hose, unless by instruction and permit of the fire marshall.

## Section 6
Any person or persons violating any of the provisions of sections 4 and 5 of this ordinance, shall upon conviction, or being found guilty, be fined in a sum not less than $10.00 for each offense, together with the costs of suit.

## Section 7
It shall be the duty of the Village Marshall to prosecute all violations of this ordinance.

## Section 8
This ordinance shall go into effect and force upon its passage and publication.

Passed and approved, Aug. 13th. 1904.

Attest,
Chairman.
Clerk.
