# Ordinance 36

An ordinance granting to Wm. McCarter to use the streets and alleys, within the corporate limits of the Village of St Maries, for the purpose of laying pipes, placing poles, and stretching wires, and other necessary fixtures to establish, operate and maintain both a Gas and Electric Light Plant, with which to furnish the public with light; designating the manner in which same shall be constructed, and stating the period for which said permit shall be granted.

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St Maries, Kootenai County, State of Idaho:

## SECTION 1
That there is hereby granted to Wm. McCarter, his succestors, assigns, or heirs, hereinafter designated as the grantees, the right to excavate lay and maintain pipes, to place poles and stretch wires, in the streets, alleys and public highways within the corporate limits of the Village of St Maries, for the purpose of operating and maintaining both a Gas and Electric Plant, with which to furnish the inhabitants thereof, gas and electric lights.

## SECTION 2
The pipes, wires, and poles, or other fixtures hereby authorized, shall be constructed in a manner to be determined by the Board of Trustees.

## SECTION 3
All poles mentioned in this ordinance, shall be placed at the outer edge of the curb or sidewalk, and shall be so set as not to interfere with the flow of water in any gutter or drain,im and the points of location shall be determined by the Board.

## SECTION 4
All wires to be stretched on said poles, shall be maintained at a height of not less than twenty five feet above any side-walk or street crossing, and they shall not approch to or cross any telephone, telegraph, or other wire at a distance of less than four feet above or below such wire. All of said wires shall be properly insulated and protected at all points so as not to endanger life or property.

## SECTION 5
The Board of Trustees expressly reserve the right to enforce the removal of any and all pipes, poles, wires, or fixtures constructed by virtue of this permit whenever they see fit, said removal or change of loaction to be made at the expense of the Village.

## SECTION 6
In the construction, removing or repairing the said light system, the grantees shall complete the work as soon as possible, and without delay, and to restore street, alley, or public place to as good a condition as Before interfered with, and incase the grantees refuse or neglect so to do after three days notice in writing, such restoration shall be made by the Village at the expense of the grantees.

And further, the grantees shall be held liable for any damage or injury that may be sustained by reason of carelessness in the construction, removal or repairing of said system, and they shall see that the proper precautions are taken to protect the public from such damage or injury.

## SECTION 7
Any person who having the authority to do so, who shall interfere with, cut, remove, break, deface, or destroy any of the property of the grantees to be enacted by this ordinance, shall be Fined in any sum not to exceed $100.00 and costs, for each offense.

## SECTION 8
The Village expressly reserves the right to cut away or remove any of the property of the grantees erected by virtue of this permit, whenever, in case of conflagration such cutting or removal is deemed necessary by the Village Board, and the Village shall not be held liable for any damages occasioned by such cutting or removal.

## SECTION 9
When any person shall obtain permission to use any street, alley or public highway for the removal of any building, he may give notice in writing to the grantees accompanied with a copy of his permit and specifying a time not less than five days, after such service when such said building will be moved over any public highway where it will interfere with the property of the grantees. The grantees shall then remove or raise such property at such places to allow the passage of the building, and in case the grantees refuse or neglect so to do, the street commissioner shall do so at the expense of the grantees.

## SECTION 10
The rights and privileges granted in this ordinace shall not be exclusive, and the term of this permit shall be for a period of fifteen years from the date of its passage.

## SECTION 11
This ordinance shall go into effect and be in force after its passage, approval, and publication.

Approved, October 11 1904.
Attest.
Thomas C White

John W Skelton
Chairman.

