# Ordinance 38 

An ordinance to impose and regulate licenses and regulating the manner of issuing licenses.

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the village of St Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho.

## Section 1
That no person, firm, company or corporation shall be engaged prosecute or carry on any trade, business or profession within the limits of the village of St. Maries for which a license may be required by this ordinance, until he or they shall have obtained such a license.

## Section 2
All temporary lunch or lemonade stands shall pay a license five Dollars per day.

## Section 3
Shooting galleries shall pay a license of Seven Dollars and fifty cents per day. Every place or building where guns or pistols are lent for shooting at targets, whether for hire or not shall be deemed a shooting gallery under this ordinance.

## Section 4
Jugglers shall pay a license of Ten Dollars for each day or part of their exhibition. Every person who performs by sleight of hand be regarded as a juggler under this ordinance.

## Section 5
The owner of every tent or side show shall pay a daily license of ten Dollars.

## Section 6
The proprietors or agents of all cane stands or other games of chance shall pay a daily license of Seven Dollars and Fifty cents.

## Section 7
The proprietors or agents of all other exhibitions or shows taking money not enumerated in this ordinance shall pay a daily license n Ten Dollars.

## Section 8
That if any person or persons exercise or carry on any trade, business or profession or do any act for the exercising, carrying on or doing of which, a license is required by this ordinance, without taking out such license as in that behalf required; or violate any of the provisions of this ordinance, he she, or they shall on conviction thereof be subjected to a fine not exceeding One Hundred Dollars, besides being liable to the payment of the tax.

## Section 9 
This ordinance shall be in addition to and shall not effect or repeal any section of ordinance 32.

## Section 10
This ordinance shall take effect and be in force upon and after its passage and one publication in one issue of the _____________, a weekly newspaper of general circulation published in the village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho.

Approved June 14, 1906. 

A A Darknell 
Chairman Board of Village Trustees 

Attest
Thomas White 
Clerk.
