# Ordinance 40

An ordinance to provide for supplying the residents of St. Maries with water and to regulate the use of the same and to provide for the punishments of any and all violations of this ordinance.

~~Be it~~ Be it ORDAINED by the ~~president~~ Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho:

## Section 1
Applications for the use of water for the citizens from the Village of St. Maries must be made to the Clerk of the Board of Trustees on blanks furnished by the Village of St. Maries and must be signed by applicant who agrees to comply with all the rules and regulations of the Village and no applicant supplied with water will be allowed to use it for any other purpose than that stated in the application and no applicant shall allow any other person or persons to use water supplied to them unless by permission of the Clerk.

## Section 2
Parties using water for any special purpose and desiring to discontinue the use of same must notify the Clerk of the Board of Trustees and no reductions will be made until such notification is given to the Clerk.

## Section 3
The Village of St. Maries will not be responsible for any damage that may occur from water being cut off from the mains for the purpose of repairs or change in service, and all service pipes put in by owners or occupants of property, must be so placed as to prevent freezing and all pipes must be left open or uncovered until the plumbing has been inspected by the Village Inspector, and the water shall not be turned on until such inspection is made, and the owners or occupants of premises must keep all pipes and fixtures upon the premises in good repair at their own expense.

## Section 4
The owner or occupant of any premises where water from the Village is used shall at all times allow the proper Village officers free access at proper hours to all parts of the premises where water is used for the purpose of inspecting the plumbing in said premises and to ascertain the manner in which water is being used.

## Section 5
No plumber or other person will be allowed to turn on the water or make connection or change any pipes, either private or public, without the permission of the Clerk of the Board of Trustees and any plumber or other person violating the provisions of the Section or any of the rules or regulations regarding the use of water shall be debarred from making any connection with the water mains or service pipes of the Village of St. Maries.

## Section 6
If any person or persons shall fail to comply with any of the provisions of this ordinance, or any of the rules of the Board of Trustees of said Village or to pay the water rent at the time and in the manner provided, they shall have the supply of water turned off until the amount due is paid or the rules are complied with and shall pay to the Clerk of said Board of Trustees the sum of $1.00 before the water shall be again turned on to their premises.

## Section 7
No person or persons using water in the Village of St. Maries shall use the same during the time of a fire in said Village and it is hereby made the duty of all water users in said Village on the alarm of fire being given to immediately shut off such water until the fire is extinguished unless it shall be necessary for the extinguishment of such a fire. All hose used in sprinkling lawns, gardens or streets in said Village shall be supplied with a nozzle ~~or sprinkler~~ with a quarter inch opening or less, and held in the hands. The rates to be charged for the use of water from the water system of the Village of St Maries and as fixed by the Board of Trustees of said village are as follows: Bakers $1.50. Barber Shops 1st Chair $1.00, each additional Chair $.25. Public Bath Tubs $1.50. Hotel Bath $1.50. Private Bath Tubs .25, Boarding House Tubs $1.50. Private Dwelling House 5 rooms or less $1.00, each additional room $.10. Tenement Houses where 2 or more families live, $1.00 for each family. Butcher Shop and Fish Markets $2.00; Confectionaries $1.00; Forge fire - one $1.00, each additional Fire $.25; Hotels and Boarding houses with 10 rooms or less, $2.00, each additional room 10 cents; Livery Stables, 10 stalls or less $2.50, each additional stall 15 cents; Offices, one $1.00; Photograph Gallerys $1.00; Printing Offices $1.00; Private Hall or Secret organization $1.00; Resturants $2.50 to $4.00; Saloons $3.50; Schools, Public or Private $2.00; Stores: Groceries, Hardware, Dry Mdse $1.00; Drug Store $2.00; Urinals, self closing $.50; Water-closets, Private .25; Stores and offices $.25, Saloons $3.50, Hotels, $1.50 each additional $.25; Private Stock, 1st head 15 cents per head; For sprinkling lawns, per each lot 50 x 100 feet or less, $2.50 for the Summer Season.

## Section 8
All persons using water from the mains of said Village shall pay the Clerk of the Board of Trustees the rates as above fixed and the same shall be payable on the first day of each month in advance and if the same is not paid on or before the tenth day of each month the water will be turned off and will not be again turned on until the rates above mentioned are paid and the additional sum of $1.00 for the expense of turning the same off and on.

## Section 9
The Board of Trustees for the Village of St Maries reserve the right to at any time restrict or discontinue the use of water for Sprinkling Lawns and Gardens when in their opinion the scarcity of water demands such restriction or discontinuance; And no portion of the amount paid for the privilege of Sprinkling will be refunded on account of such restriction or discontinuance.

## Section 10
This ordinance shall go into effect upon its passage and approval and after one publication in the St Maries Gazette, a weekly paper published in the Village of St Maries, Idaho.

Passed and Approved July 25th 1906.

Attest: Thomas C White Clerk.

A A Darknell, Chairman.
