# Ordinance 43

AN ORDINANCE GRANTING TO F. A. JOHNSTON, HIS SUCCESSORS, HEIRS AND ASSIGNS A FRANCHISE FOR THE PERIOD OF TWENTY (20) YEARS, TO CONSTRUCT, OPERATE AND MAINTAIN AN ELECTRIC LIGHT AND POWER PLANT IN THE VILLAGE OF ST. MARIES, KOOTENAI COUNTY, IDAHO: TO ERECT IND MAINTAIN POLES, AND PLACE WIRES THEREON FOR THE PURPOSE OF CONDUCTING ELECTRICITY AND TO FURNISH THE VILLAGE AND INHABITANTS OF THE VILLAGE OF ST. MARIES ELECTRIC ENERGY FOR POWER AND LIGHT AND TO CHARGE AND RECEIVE COMPENSATION THEREFOR AND FIXING THE MAXIMUM RATES FOR SUCH CHARGES.

BE IT ORDAINED by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho:

## Section 1
There is hereby granted to F. A. Johnston his successors, heirs and assigns the right and authority to erect and maintain poles with arms and braces necessary and to place wires thereon, through, over, in and upon any and all the streets and alleys of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho, for the purpose of conducting a general electric light and power service in said Village and to furnish electric energy for light and power to the Village of St. Maries and the inhabitants thereof and to charge and to receive compensation therefor as hereinafter specified.

## Section 2
The poles hereby authorized to be erected shall be placed at the outer edge of the curb, or the sidewalk of the street whereon the same may be erected and the said poles shall not be so set as to interfere with the flow of any water in any gutter or drain in said Village, and the points of location of said poles shall be determined by said Board of Trustees, and all wires placed thereon shall be maintained at a height of at least twenty (20) feet above any sidewalk, crossing or street surface in said village, and shall not interfere with any existing rights.

## Section 3
The Village of St. Maries further expressly reserves the right to cut away or remove any poles, or wires erected by virtue of the provisions of this ordinance whenever in case of conflagration such cutting away or removal of any poles or wires shall become necessary and the said village shall not be held liable or answerable for any damage occasioned by the cutting away or removal of any poles or wires so cut away or removed.

## Section 4
The rights and privileges herein granted are in consideration that the said F. A. Johnston, his successors, heirs and assigns, shall at all times, when so requested by said village, permit his poles and fixtures erected under the terms of this ordinance to be used by the said village for the purpose of maintaining thereon any wires and appliances that may be necessary for the Police and Fire Departments of said village and further agrees to maintain and furnish two 600 watt arc lamps, the intent and purpose is to give to the village of St. Maries free use of two are lamps and supply the same with electric current on the conditions stated below, one to be established and maintained at the time the said Village executes the first five year contract, the second one to be established and maintained at the time that the said village commences the use of more than ten arc lamps.

## Section 5
The said F. A. Johnston, his successors, heirs and assigns, will within sixty days after the passage of this ordinance file with the village Clerk of said village a written acceptance of said ordinance and its conditions, and at the time of the filing of said written acceptance the said F. A. Johnston, his successors, heirs and assigns shall file with the Village Clerk of said village a Bond in the sum of Two Thousand ($2000) Dollars liquidated damages, with two good and sufficient sureties to be approved by the village Board and conditioned for the construction of said electric light and power plant, and any failure to file said written acceptance and bond shall render this ordinance void and of no effect.

## Section 6
The said F. A. Johnston, his successors, heirs and assigns shall commence work upon the construction of said electric light and power plant within a period of three months from and after the date of the acceptance of this ordinance and shall have the same in proper working order, ready to furnish electric light to the citizens of said village within fourteen months after said commencement.
Provided however, that if any delay in the completion of said plant or interruption in the transmission of electric energy by said plant, shall be caused by flood, riot, labor strikes, injunction or delays in securing right of way outside of the corporate limits of the village of St. Maries, or for any other reason beyond the power of the said F. A. Johnston, his successors, heirs and assigns, it shall not effect the rights of the said F. A. Johnston, his successors, heirs and assigns herein granted. But this provision shall not be construed to allow the said F. A. Johnston his successors, heirs or assigns to be dilatory or negligent in the completion and transmission of electric energy through said plant, and the delivery of the same to the village And the inhabitants of the village of St. Maries.

## Section 7
The said F. A. Johnston, his successors, heirs and assigns, shall satisfactorily, legally and lawfully, protect and save harmless the said village, from any and all accidents that may occur from the use of electric currents by the said F. A. Johnston in the said village, and all wires placed on the poles shall be his successors, heirs or assigns, or the operation of the plant properly insulated and all proper devices shall be used to protect man life and prevent injury to public or private property. When any person shall obtain permission to use any street or alley for the removal of any building, he may give notice in writing to the said F. A. Johnston, his successors, heirs or assigns Accompanied by a copy of such permit, specifying a time not less than five days after such service when such building will be removed over any place in such street or alley when it shall raise or remove the wires at such places for sufficient time to allow the passage of the building and in case the said F. A. Johnston, its successors, heirs or assigns, refuse or neglect to so raise er remove the wires, the street commissioner or other authorized officer of the village of St. Maries shall raise or remove such wires at the expense of the said F. A. Johnston, his successors heirs and assigns.

## Section 8
The said F. A. Johnston, his successors, heirs and assigns, hereby covenant and agree to furnish to the inhabitants of said village electric current for incandescent and arc lamps, at not to exceed the following rates, to-wit:
A meter rate of 8.20 per kilo-watt hour:
A flat rate for 16 candle power incandescent lamps for esidences, at 8.75 per month per lamp:
* A flat rate for 16 candle power incandescent lamps for business houses;
* At $.75 per month per lamp until 10:00 P. M.
* $1.25 per month per lamp until 12:00 midnight.
* 1.75 per month per lamp for all night use.
* For 600 watt arc lamps for business houses;
* At $8.00 per month per lamp until 10:00 P. M.
* $10.00 per month per lamp until 12:00 midnight.
* $14.00 per month per lamp for all night use.

With the following discounts on bills rendered monthly and paid within five days after presentation:
* 5% on all bills of $5.00 or under.
* 10% on all bills over $5.00 and up to $10.00.
* 15% on all bills over $10.00 and up to $20.00.
* 20% on all bills over $20.00.
A minimum rate for metered service, for residences of $.30 for each 16 candle power connected, and a minimum rate for metered service for business houses of $.40 each 16 candle power lamp connected.

## Section 9
The said F. A. Johnston, his successors, heirs and assigns hereby covenants and agrees with the village of St. Maries to maintain and furnish to said village electric current for arc and incandescent lamps upon contracts of not less than five year periods and renewals thereof during the length of this franchise, at the following flat rate, to-wit:
* 600 watt arc lights all night and every night service at $9.00 per month per lamp.
* For 32 candle power incandescent lamps all night and every night service at $1.50 per month per lamp and it is hereby mutually agreed that no discount is to be asked for or allowed on the price agreed to in this section.

## Section 10
Any person who shall interfere with cut, break, remove, deface or destroy any of the poles, wires, fixtures, instruments or other property of the said F. A. Johnston, his successors, heirs or signs, within the corporate limits of said village except as hereinbefore described, and any person who shall use said poles for the purpose of posting bills or advertisements of any kind  tatever, shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof, shall be fined in any sum not exceeding fifty ($50) Dollars.

## Section 11
All ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed and this ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, approval and publication and extend and be in full force for a period of twenty years from the date hereof.

Passed and approved this First day of July 1907.

Joseph Fisher
Chairman of the Board

Attest Thomas C. White
Clerk of the Board
