# Ordinance 45

An ordinance levying a tax for the fiscal year ending the first Tuesday in May, 1908 for the purpose of paying the general expenses of the village of St. Maries, and appropriating all monies to the various purposes for which the same shall be used and designating the accounts to be placed in and appropriated to the various funds.

BE IT ORDAINED by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho.

## Section 1
That there be and hereby is levied upon all property, both real and personal, within the corporate limits of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, subject to taxation, for the fiscal year ending the first Tuesday in May, 1908, the sum of ten mills on the dollar for all property valuations as provided by the laws of the State of Idaho. The levy is made for the purpose of paying the general expenses of said village.

## Section 2
That there be and is appropriated out of all monies received from licenses during the fiscal year ending the first Tuesday in May, 1908, not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $400.00 to the Salary Fund, to be used for the purpose of paying the salaries of the various village officers.

## Section 3
That there be and hereby is appropriated out of the money received from taxation, and collected for licenses, fines, impounded animals and dog taxes, not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $500.00 to the Street Fund, to be used for the purpose of improving, maintaining and repairing the streets in said village.

## Section 4
That there be and hereby is appropriated out of all monies received from taxation and for licenses, fines, impounding animals and dog taxes, during the fiscal year ending the first Tuesday in May, 1908, the sum of $800.00 to the Sinking Fund, to be used for the purpose of paying the interest on the outstanding bonded indebtedness and also for the purpose of creating a fund with which to pay the principal when due.

## Section 5
That there be and hereby is appropriated out of money received from taxation, and collected for licenses, fines, impounding animals and dog taxes during the fiscal year ending the first Tuesday in May, 1908, not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $100.00 to the Dock Fund, to be used for the purpose of repairing and maintaining the docks in said village.

## Section 6
That there be and hereby is appropriated from money received from taxation, and collected for licenses, fines, impounding animals and dog taxes during the fiscal year ending the first Tuesday in May, 1908, not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $350.00 to the Incidental Fund, to be used for the purpose of paying the incidental expenses of said village.

## Section 7
That there be and hereby is appropriated from money received from taxation, and collected for licenses, fines and water rentals and charges during the fiscal year ending the first Tuesday in May, 1908, not otherwise appropriated, the sum of $1000.00 to Water Fund, to be used in operating, improving and maintaining the water system of said village.

## Section 8
That in accordance with the provisions of this ordinance it shall be the duty of the Village Treasurer to apportion all of the money received by him to the various funds as herein mentioned, and to keep a separate account of each fund.

## Section 9
That this ordinance shall take effect and be in force after its passage, approval and publication.

PASSED by the Board and approved by the Chairman this 10th day of July, 1907.

Attest: Thomas White, Village Clerk.

Joseph Fisher,
Chairman
