# Ordinance 48

An ordinance declaring 3rd. West Additions, Second West Addition, West Addition, and 2nd. West Addition and Railroad Addition all to the Village of St. Maries, Idaho a part of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho, and including the same within the corporate limits thereof, providing that all property and persons therein shall be subject to the by-laws and ordinances of said village and police regulations thereunder, and providing that the village clerk shall file with the County Recorder of Kootenai County, Idaho, certified copy thereof. 

WHEREAS, it appearing to the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho, that the owners of 
* 3rd. WEST ADDITION To the village of St. Maries, Idaho, which embraces a portion of the southwest quarter of the southeast quarter of Section 22 Township 46 N.R. 2 W.B.M.; 
* SECOND WEST ADDITION to the village of St. Maries, Idaho, which embraces the subdivision of blocks 1, 8 and 9; 
* WEST ADDITION to the village of St. Maries, Idaho, which embraces a portion of the southeast quarter of the southeast quarter of Section 22 Township 46 N.R. 2 W.B.M.; 
* 2nd. WEST ADDITION to the village of St. Maries, Idaho, which embraces a portion of the southeast quarter of the southeast quarter of Section 22 Township 46 N.R. 2 W.B.M.; and
* RAILROAD ADDITION to the village of St. Maries, Idaho, which embraces Lots 2, 5 and 6 of Section 22 and Lot 10 Section 23 Township 46 N.R. 2 W.B.M., 

have laid off and platted into lots and blocks, said additions and the lands included therein, none of which contain more than five acres, and have filed plats thereof in the office of the County Recorder of Kootenai County, Idaho, all of which said additions and lands included therein are lying contiguous to and adjacent to the Village of St. Maries, Idaho; 

NOW THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED BY THE CHAIRMAN AND BOARD OF TRUSTEES OF THE VILLAGE OF ST. MARIES, KOOTENAI COUNTY, IDAHO:

## Section 1 
That all of 

* 3RD. WEST ADDITION to the village of St. Maries, Idaho, embracing a portion of the southwest quarter of the southeast quarter of Section 22 Township 46 N.R. 2 W.B.M.; 
* SECOND WEST ADDITION to the village of St. Maries, Idaho, embracing the subdivision of Blocks 1, 8 and 9; 
* WEST ADDITION to the village of St. Maries, Idaho, embracing a portion of the southeast quarter of the southeast quarter of Section 22 Township 46 N.R. 2 W.B.M.; 
* 2ND. WEST ADDITION to the village of St. Maries, Idaho, embracing a portion of the southeast quarter of the southeast quarter of Section 22 Township 46 N.R. 2 W.B.M. and
* Blocks 14, 15, 16, 17, 20, 21, 22, 23 and 24 of RAILROAD ADDITION to the village of St. Maries, Idaho, embracing Lots 2, 5 and 6 of Section 22 Lot 10 Section 23 Township 46 N.R. 2 W.B.M. 

be and the same is hereby declared to be a part of the village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho.

## Section 2
That it shall be the duty of the village Clerk, after the passage, approval and publication of this ordinance, to file with the County Recorder of Kootenai County, Idaho, a copy hereof duly certified as to the correctness thereof, under the corporate seal of said village; and thereupon and thereafter the corporate limits of the village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho, shall extend to and include the Additions and lands described in Section one of this ordinance, and thereafter all property and persons within the limits thereof shall be subject to the provisions of all by-laws and ordinances of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho, and the police regulations thereunder.

## Section 3
That this ordinance shall take effect and be in force after its passage, approval and publication.

PASSED by the Board and APPROVED by the Chairman this \[unreadable\] day of August, 1907.

Fred G Bussell, Acting Chairman.

Attest: Thomas C White
Village Clerk.
