# ORDINANCE NO. 52

AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE CHICAGO, MILWAUKEE & ST. PAUL RAILWAY COMPANY OF IDAHO, ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS TO CONSTRUCT, MAINTAIN AND OPERATE A SINGLE OR DOUBLE TRACK RAILWAY, WITH ALL NECESSARY SPURS SIDE TRACKS AND SWITCHES WITHIN THE LIMITS OF THE VILLAGE OF ST. MARIES, IDAHO AND OVER AND ACROSS CERTAIN STREETS AND PUBLIC WAYS IN SAID VILLAGE: ~~AND PROVIDING FOR VACATING SO MUCH OF CERTAIN STREETS OR AVENUES AS MAY BE WITHIN THE LIMITS OF SAID RIGHT OF WAY.~~

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries:-

## Section 1

That the Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway Company of Idaho, its successors and assigns, be, and they are hereby authorized and empowered to construct, maintain and operate a single or double track railway, with all necessary spurs, side-tracks and switches across and through the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, over and along the right of way of said railway company as the same is now surveyed, located and established through and across said village; and may, for such purposes, occupy and use that portion of First Avenue, Second Avenue, Third Avenue and Front Avenue, and of any other street, avenue or public way, in said village, which may be within the limits of said right of way.

## Section 2

The license, permission and authority hereby granted the said Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway Company of Idaho, its successors and assigns, is so granted upon the following conditions, to-wit:

(a) That the said Railway Company shall open and maintain as a public way, for the ~~passage of teams and vehicles~~ general street travelers, that certain strip of land bounded and described as follows, to-wit:

Beginning at the point where the south side line of the right of way of the said railway company, as now located, intersects the east side line of Second Avenue, in said Village of St. Maries, running thence north along said east side line, to a point which measured at right angles from the said south side line of the right of way, is distant forty feet therefrom: running thence westerly, parallel with and forty feet from said south line of said right of way, to the north side line of Front avenue: thence west, along the north side line of said Front avenue, to where said line is intersected by the south side line of said right of way; thence easterly along the south side line of said right of way to the place of beginning.

(b) That the said Railway Company shall open and maintain as a public way, for ~~the passage of teams and vehicles~~ general street travelers, that certain strip of land bounded and described as follows, to-wit: 

Beginning at the intersection of the north side line of the right of way of the said railway company, as now located, with the north side line of Front Avenue, in said Village of St. Maries; running thence westerly along the north side line of said right of way to the point where said side line intersects the west side line of section twenty-three (23), in Township Forty-six (46) north, of Range two (2) West of the Boise Meridian; thence south along said section line to a point which, measured at right angles from the north side line of said right of way, is distant therefrom forty feet; thence easterly, along a line parallel with, and distant forty feet from, said north side line of said right of way, to the north side line of Front Avenue; thence east, along the north side line of said Front Avenue, to the place of beginning.

(c) That the said Railway Company shall construct a bridge on Third Avenue, in said Village of St. Maries, extending northerly from, and connecting with the said way described in subdivision (a) hereof over and across its said railway tracks, side tracks, spurs and switches, so as to afford to the public a safe and convenient crossing and connecting said way with the said way described in subdivision (b) hereof and with that portion of Front Avenue east of Third Avenue. The driveway of Said bridge shall be twenty feet wide in the clear: and and there shall be constructed on each side thereof a sidewalk 6 ft wide, shall be constructed in a good and substantial manner for the use of teams and ~~wagons~~ vehicles.

(d) That the said railway company shall construct and maintain a good and substantial grade crossing the full width of said street between sidewalks over its said tracks where the same shall cross First Avenue in said Village of St. Maries.

## Section 3

That the rights and privileges hereby granted shall take effect and be in force from and after the acceptance thereof by said Railway Company, which acceptance shall be in writing and attested by the Seal of said Company and shall be filed with the clerk of said Village.

## Section 4

That the said Village of St. Maries hereby covenants and agrees that it will in the event said Railway Company shall accept this ordinance, upon the request of said Railway Company, vacate all that portion of Second Avenue, Third Avenue and Front Avenue in said village, situate within the limits of the right of way of said Railway Company as the same is now located and established. Provided The Railway Company shall pay all damages.

## Section 5
This ordinance shall take effect and be in force after its passage, approval and publication.

Passed the Board of Trustees this 7th day of ~~September~~ October A.D. 1907.

Attest
Thomas C. White

Penby Martin
Chairman of the Board of Trustees

