# Ordinance 55 

An ordinance declaring intention to improve that portion of College Avenue commencing at the center line of First Street and extending west to the east line of Sixth Street, prescribing the character of such improvement, estimating the cost of the same and providing that the cost of the same be assessed against the property abutting on such Avenue, and describing the property that will be affected by said improvement, and fixing a time in which protests against said proposed improvement may be filed in the office of the Village Clerk, and prescribing the duties of the Village Clerk with reference to this ordinance. 

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho:

## Section 1
That the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, hereby declares its intention of improving that portion of College Avenue, in said village, commencing at the center line of First Street and extending west to the east line of Sixth Street.

## Section 2
That the general character of said improvement shall consist in grading said Avenue so that the same will conform to the fixed and established grade thereof, filling the same and placing thereon, where necessary, crushed and broken rock, and providing said Avenue with sufficient gutters or drainage.

## Section 3
That the total cost of said improvement is hereby estimated at $750.00.

## Section 4
That the cost of making said improvements on said Avenue is to be assessed against the property abutting on said Avenue;

and that the property which will be affected by said improvement is described as follows, towit:

* Lots 8 and 12 in Block 1,
* Lots 8 and 12 in Block 2,
* Lots 8 and 12 in Block 3,
* Lots 8 and 12 in Block 4,
* Lots 8 and 12 in Block 5,
* Lots 1 and 7 in Block 6,
* Lots 1 and 7 in Block 7,
* Lots 1 and 7 in Block 8,
* Lots 1 and 7 in Block 9,and 
* Lots 1 and 7 in Block 10,

all according to the original townsite of St. Maries, Idaho.

## Section 5
That any and all protests against the proposed improvement may be filed in the office of the Village Clerk of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, at any time prior to the hour of six o'clock of the afternoon of the 30 day of December 1907.

## Section 6
That it shall be the duty of the Village Clerk to cause this ordinance to be published in at least two consecutive issues of the ST. MARIES GAZETTE before the time fixed in section 5 hereof for filing protests, and that affidavit of such publication shall be filed on or before the time fixed for such filing.

## Section 7
That this ordinance shall take effect and be in force after its passage, approval and publication.

PASSED by the Board and APPROVED by the Chairman this 5th day of December 1907.

Attest: Thomas C White, Village Clerk.

Penby Martin, Chairman.
