# Ordinance 56 1/2

AN ORDINANCE VACATING THAT PORTION OF FRONT, THIRD AND SECOND AVENUES, IN THE VILLAGE OF ST. MARIES, WHICH IS INCLUDED WITHIN THE RIGHT OF WAY OF THE CHICAGO, MILWAUKEE & ST. PAUL RAILWAY COMPANY OF IDAHO.

WHEREAS, The Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway Company of Idaho, a corporation, heretofore, to-wit: May 11th, 1908, filed with the Clerk of the Village of St. Maries, a petition for the vacation of those portions of Front, Third and Second Avenues hereinafter particularly described, which said portions of said avenues are included within the right of way of said Railway Company, as the same extends over and across said avenues; and

WHEREAS, it appearing that the said Railway Company was the owner of a majority of the private property abutting upon the portions of said avenues, respectively, so sought to be vacated, the Chairman and Board of Trustees of said Village, by resolution duly adopted, ordered that said petition should be heard before said Board at a meeting thereof to be held at S.L.McFarland's law office, in said Village of St. Maries, on the 25th day of May, A.D.1908, beginning at the hour of 8 o'clock P.M. of said day; and

WHEREAS, it appears to the satisfaction of the Chairman and Board of Trustees of said Village, that more than seven days notice of the pendency of such application has been given by written notices posted in five public places in said Village, three of which notices were so posted in conspicuous places on or adjacent to the portions of said avenues sought to be vacated, and by causing such notice to be published not less than one week prior to the time fixed for the hearing of said application, in a newspaper published in the Village of St. Maries; which said notices each contained a statement that a petition had been filed to vacate the portions of said avenues described in said petitions, and described the property sought to be vacated, and contained a statement of the time and place fixed for the hearing of said petition; and

WHEREAS, it appears that no objections to the granting of said petition have been filed, save and except the following, to-wit

> **BLANK**

WHEREAS, it appears that it is for the best interests of said village of St. Maries, that said portions of said avenues be vacated, NOW THEREFORE,

Be It Ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries:

## Section 1

That all of that portion of Front Avenue and Third Avenue, in said Village of St. Maries, included within the following described boundaries, to-wit: 

Beginning at a point on the north line of Front Avenue, in said Village, which said point is four hundred and fifty-nine and one tenth (459.1) feet east of the west line of section twenty-three (23), in township forty-six (46) north, of range two (2) west of the Boise Meridian, measuring along the north line of said Front Avenue; 

thence southeasterly, along a line that is parallel to, and ninety (90) feet distant from, the center line of the railway of the Chicago, Milwaukeet & St. Paul Railway Company of Idaho, as the same is surveyed, located and established through the Village of St. Maries, to the point where said parallel line is intersected by the south side line of said Front Avenue;

thence easterly, along said south side line of Front Avenue, to the northeast corner of block three (3) of the original Town of St. Maries;

thence south, along the west side line of Third avenue, to a point that is one hundred and fifteen and eight tenths (115.8) feet distant south from the said northeast corner of said block three (3);

thence southeasterly, along a line that is parallel to, and ninety (90) feet distant from, the center line of said railway, to a point on the east side line of said Third Avenue that is one hundred and fifty-eight and two tenths (158.2) feet distant north from the southwest corner of block two (2), in said original Town of St. Maries;

thence north, along the east side line of said Third Avenue, to the northwest corner of said block two (2);

thence northwesterly, to a point on the north line of said Front Avenue where said north line is intersected by the West side line of said Third Avenue produced;

thence west, along the north side line of said Front Avenue, to the place of beginning:

Also all of that portion of Second Avenue, in said Village of St. Aries, included within the following described boundaries, to-wit:

Beginning at a point on the east side line of said Second Avenue tha one hundred and thirty (130) feet north of the southwest corner of block one (1), of the original Town of St. Maries;

thence westerly, to a point in the west side line of said Second Avenue that is one hundred and thirty (130) feet north of the southeast corner of block two (2), in said town;

thence north, along the east side line of said block two (2) to a point that is sixty-five and seven tenths (65.7) feet south of the northeast corner of said block two (2);

thence southeasterly, along a line that is parallel to, and fifty (50) feet distant from, the center line of the railway of the said Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway Company of Idaho, as the same is now surveyed, located and established through said Village of St. Maries, to a point in the west side line of block one (1), in said town, that is eighty-three and two tenths (83.2) feet south of the northwest corner of said block one (1);

thence south, along the east side line of said Second Avenue, eighty-six and eight tenths (86.8) feet, more or less, to the place of beginning;

be, and the same is hereby, vacated.

## Section 2

Said vacation is upon the following conditions, to-wit:

(a) That those certain ways which, by the terms and provisions of paragraphs (a) and (b) of section two (2) of Ordinance No. 54 of the ordinances of the Village of St. Maries, and the acceptance of the provisions of said ordinance by said Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway Company of Idaho, the said Railway Company is to open and maintain, shall be so maintained by said Railway Company for the full period of the franchise of said company.

(b) That the said Railway Company shall construct along and upon the said streets provided for by the terms and provisions of paragraphs (a) and (b) of section two (2) of said Ordinance No. 54 wooden side walk, six (6) feet in width, said walks to be constructed in conformity to the existing ordinances of said Village prescribing the manner in which such walks shall be constructed. One sidewalk shall be constructed upon each of said ways, and shall be constructed along the margin thereof fartherest from the railway of said Railway Company. Such walks shall be constructed to the street line of intersecting streets; and shall be continued across such intersecting streets by means of cross-walks. It is understood, however, that nothing herein contained shall be deemed or construed as imposing upon such railway company any duty of maintenance of such sidewalks or cross-walks.

(c) That the said railway company shall cause to be laid, at its own expense, a water main, consisting of a four (4) inch wire wound wooden or iron pipe, connecting with the existing water main on Front avenue at its intersection with Third avenue, and extending thence south, and across the bridge to be constructed over the right of way of said railway company, as provided by paragraph "c" of section two (2) of said Ordinance No. 52, to a point sixteen (16) feet north from the south line of the street provided for by the terms and provisions of paragraph "a" of section two (2) of said Ordinance;

thence northwesterly, paralel with and sixteen (16) feet northerly from, said south line of said street, to the point where said main connects with the existing water main on said Front street;

said main shall be laid at the depth of feet, save and except where the same is carried across said bridge;

and where the same is carried across said bridge, it shall be inclosed in a wooden conduit or box;

and the main to be laid under the provisions hereof shall be connected with the existing water main on said Front avenue, at the points aforesaid, in a good and workmanlike manner. Said main when laid shall become and be the property of the said Village of St. Maries.

(d) That all persons whose property may be taken or injured by such vacation, shall receive compensation therefor as provided by law.

## Section 3

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the publication thereof.

Passed the Board of Trustees this 12 day of June A.D.1908,

Attest: J. S. Turnbeell 
Village Clerk.

Penby Martin 
Chairman of said Board of Trustees.
