# Ordinance 57

An Ordinance to amend an Ordinence entitled "An Ordinance to provide for supplying the residents of St. Maries with water, and to regulate the use of the same, and to provide for the punishment of any and all violations of this Ordianance, known as Ordinance No. 40 of the Ordinances of the Village of St. Maries, Kootinai County, Idaho.

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries;

## Section 1

That section 5 of Ordinance No. 40 passed and approve on the 25th day of July 1906, be and the same is hereby amended read as follows:

## Section 2

No plumber or other person will be allowed to turn on the water or make connections, or change any pipe either private or public, without the permission of the Clerk of the Board of Trustees, and any plumber or other person violating the provisions of this section shall be guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be fined in the sum of $10.00.

## Section 3

That in addition to the rates numerated in section 7 of said ordinance 40, provision be and the same is hereby made for the use of meters, and the rates to be charged for the use of water where meters are installed shall be as follows: 
* For the first 5,000 gallons, 50% per 1,000 gallons.
* for the next 5,000 Gallons, 40% per 1,000 gallons,
* for all above 10,000 gallons 25 cents per 1,000 gallons 
* Minimum rate, 12.00 per month.

## Section 4

The right is reserved to the Village whereby, at time the Board of Trustees may deem it advisable, they may order the installation of meters, and supply the users of water from the Village system at meter rates.

## Section 5

If, after the water has been turned off from any the premises in said Village, any person, other than an officer of Village, shall tamper with the shut-off-faucet the same shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be fined in the sum of $50.00.

## Section 6

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force per its passage, approval and publication.

Passed the Board of Trustees this 8th day of August, 1908. 

Penby Martin
Chairman of the Board  

Attest
S. Turnbell 
Clerk of the Board.


