# Ordinance 60

An ordinance to restrain horses, mules, cattle sheep and hogs from running at large within the corporate limits of the Village of St. Maries, and prescribing a penalty for the violation thereof.

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries:

## Section 1

That no horses, mules, cattle, sheep or hogs, shall be allowed at large upon any of the Streets, alleys or lanes of the Village of St. Maries, within the corporate limits thereof, at any time during day or night except when being driven through and attended by the owner or other person for the purpose of shipment or passing through said Village. And all animals found running at large may be taken up and confined in the village pound by the Marshall of said Village and he shall furnish all such animals proper food and care while so confined.

## Section 2

In case any animal or animals are taken up and confined in the village pound by said Marshall he shall if the owner is known to him, notify said owner either verbally or by written notice that such animal or animals have been taken up by him and confined in said pound and that such owner may redeem said animal or animals by paying the cost of impounding the same and the food and care of same while so confined, which said notice shall be given immediately upon impounding such animal or animals, and if such owner fails to pay such charges and redeem such animal or animals within two days from the time of the service of said notice then such animal or animals may be sold by said marshall to the highest bidder for cash, after giving five days notice of such sale by posting notices thereof in three public places stateing the time terms of sale and a description of the property to be sold and the place of sale. And in case the owner is unknown the marshall shall upon impounding any animal or animals post notices in three public places in said Village giving a description of the same and that the same are confined in the Village pound and that unless the owner appears and pays for the food and costs of impounding and publishing and posting of notices, that said animal or animals will be sold at public auction for cash to the highest bidder, stating then the time when and the place where such sale will be made by him but no sale shall be made until at least seven days notice shall be given by such posting and a copy of said notice by publishing in a newspaper of general circulation in said Village.

## Section 3

The Marshall shall collect the same fees for the making and posting of the notices mentioned herein as are allowed by law to constables for sale notices and legal fees for any notice published in a newspaper, and one dollar for impounding said animals and shall charge and collect the sum of 
* Seventy five cents per day for horses and mules 
* Fifty cents per day for cattle and hogs and 
* twenty five cents per day for sheep 

for each animal respectively for food and care for such animals during the time same are confined in said pound, and ten percent of the purchase price shall be retained by him in case of a sale of any such animal or animals. That out of the proceeds of any sale of such animal or animals under this ordinance the said marshall shall deduct all the costs and charges aforesaid and shall if the owner be unknown pay the remainder into the village treasury and in case the owner is known to such owner.

## Section 4

In addition to the penalties herein prescribed any person who willfully allows any of the animals mentioned herein to run at large in violation of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and punished by a fine of not less than five nor more than twenty dollars or imprisonment in the village jail not to exceed ten days or both such fine and imprisonment.

This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, approval and publication in one issue of the St. Maries Gazette, a weekly newspaper published in said Village.

Passed Nov. 7, 1908

J. S. Turnbull 
Clerk.

Penby Martin
Chairman.
