
# Ordinance 63

An ordinance to include within, and add to the corporate limits of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho, territory contiguous and adjacent thereto, known as Scotts addidtion and Hendersons addition to said Village, and a potion of tract "D" belonging to Hatte Mc. Clure.

Be it ordained by the chairman and board of trustees of the Village of ST, Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho.

## Section 1

That under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Idaho, the following described territory contiguous and adjacent to the corporate limits of the Village of St. Maries, in the County of Kootenai, State of Idaho, is hereby annexed and added to and included within the corpo- rate limits of said Village in manner as follows towit:

That the tracts of land situated in said County and State and adjacent to said corporate limits beginning at a point on the corporation line at ~~KKRXERXNNKXMR~~ the NW.Corner of the SW. 1/4 of the NW. 1/4 of Sec. 26 T. 46 North of range 2. W. B. M. 

running thence south about 792 feet to the Sw. corner of Scotts Addition to said Village;

thence east along the South line of said addition and across Third Street about 808 feet to a point on the East line of said Street opposite and due east from the S.E. Corner of said Scotts Addition;

thence north along the East side of said Street to a point about 363 feet distant thereof being the Sw. corner of Hendersons addition to said Village;

thence east along the South Line of said Hendersons Addition ~~zaxaхияи~~ to the South East corner thereof a distance of about 460 feet;

Thence north about 429 feet to the North East corner of said Hendersons addition, to an intersection with corporation line which said ~~description~~ *describes a line shall be and in constitutes the corporation line as changed by this ordinance and within the corportate limits of said village*[^1] includes what is known as Scotts Addition, and Henersons Addition to said Village and a portion of tract "D" belonging to Hattie Mc. Clure which is what Was originally tracts "D, E, and M. as shown on the plat of Martins trats which said plat is of record in the office of the county recorder of Kootenai County and the plats of the said Scott and Henderson Additions is likewise of record in said Office.

Which said territory has been heretofore platted and subdivided into lots and tracts of less than five acres each by the owners thereof.

## Section 2

This ordinace shall be in effect from and after its passage and publication in one issue of the St. Maries Gazette, a newspaper published in said Village of St. Maries.

Passed and approved this 1st day of March 1909.

Attest.
J. S. Turnbull
Clerk of said Board.

Perley Martin
Chairman of the Board of Trustees of of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho.


[^1]: The original text denoted by the italic script is a written cursive emendation, and it is difficult to transcribe with certainty.
