# Ordinance 64

An ordinance to include within and add to the corporate limits of the village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho, territory contiguous and adjacent thereto, known as West Addition, Second West Addition. Third West Addition and Supplemental to Third West addition and Railroad Addition to said Village and to define the boudary line around said territory.

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho:

## Section 1

That under and by virtue of the laws of the State of Idaho, the following described territory contiguous and adjacent to the corporate limits of said Village, is hereby annexed and added to and included within the corporate limits of said Village, towit: 

all of 

* West Addition,
* Second West Addition,
* Third West Addition and,
* Supplemental to Third West addition and
* Railroad Addition 

to said Village and the boundary line of said Village around said territory is fixed and described as follows, towit: 

Beginning at a point Ten Rods West of the Corner of Sections 22, 23, 26 and 27 Township 46 Range 2 West B.M. on the line between said sections 22 and 27 and running west with said line to its intersection with the East line of the Coeur d'Alene Indian reservation;

thence in a northeasterly direction with said reservation line to its intersection with the south line of College Avenue or where said line will intersect when said Avenue is extende to said reservation;

thence East on the south line of said Avenue to its intersection with the West line of Fourteenth Street;

thence north with the west line of Fourteenth Street to the North line of Said Front Avenue;

thence east with the north line of Front Avenue to its intersection with west line of Eleventh Street;

thence north along said West line of Eleventh Street crossing the Railroad right of way to its intersection with the East line of said Indian reservation;

thence North east with said line to the St. Joe River;

Thence in an easterly direction with the meander line of said River to its intersection with the line between said sections 22 and 23 that being on the corporation line as originally established. 

Said territory having been heretofore platted, laid off and sub divided into lots and blocks of less than five acres, by the owner theres of and the said plats having been accepted and approved by the Board of Trustees of said Village, including with said Additions all of the Streets and alleys as shown on the plats therof.

## Section 2

All ordinaces or parts of ordinaces in conflict herewith are ereby repealed.

## Section 3

This ordinace shall take effect and be in force from and after its passage and approval and publication in one issue of the St. Maries Gazette a weekly newspaper published in said Village.

Approved this ___[^1] day of April 1909,

Perley Martin
Chairman.

Attest
J S Turnbull
Clerk.

[^1]: The date is blank in the original document.
