# Ordinance 67
> [!NOTE]
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.

An ordinance to prevent the disturbance of the peace within the corporate limits of the Village of St. Maries: defineing same, and providing a punishment therfor. 

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of Maries, Kotenai County, Idaho.

## Section 1

Evry person who shall within the Corporate limits of the Village of St. Maries, wilfully, and maliciously or intentionly or unnecessarily, disturb the peace and quiet of any street, nefporhood, family or person by loud or unusual noise, or by tumultuous or offensive conduct, or by threatening, traducing, quarreling, challenging to fight or fighting or who upon any of the streets or alleys of said Village, runs any horse race, or fires any gun, pistol or other firearm either on the streets or within the corporate limits of said Village, or ses any profane, vulgar or indecent language within said limits within he presence or hearing of women children or ecome sufficiently intoxicated to stagger and is found staggering rom such intoxication upon any of the Streets and alleys of said Village, by any other means disturb the peace and quiet of any street, alley neighborhood, place, family or person shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall pay a fine of not less than me nor more than Seventy five dollars and may be imprisoned not more han fifteen days or both such fine and imprisonment and in case of failure to pay any fine assesed by virtue of this ordinanee the party so failing may be imprisoned until the fine and costs are paid at the rate provided by law for misdemeanors.

## Section 2

This ordinace shall be in effect from and after its passage and apppoval and publication in one issue of the St. Maries Gazette, a weekly newspaper published in said Village.

Attest,
S. Turnbull
Clerk

Approved
Chairman.
