# Ordinance 68

> [!NOTE]
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.

An ordinance to fix and determine the salaries of certain Village officers of the Village of St. Maries. Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho.

## Section 1

That the salaries of the following named officers of the Villa Go of St. Maries. Idaho, be and the same are hereby fived and determin- as follows, towit:

  * The Village Clerk shall receive the sum of One hundred and fifty dollars per year payable in equal monthly installments;
  * The Village Treasurer shall receive the sum of Fifty dollars per year payable quarterly.
  * The Village attorney shall receive the sum of Twenty dollars per month for the preparation of all ordinaces and attendance of meeting and ad- viseing the Board of trustees but in case he shall have to bring or defend any action in the District or other Court outside of said Village he shall be paid such additional sum as may be fixed by the Board of Trustees.
  * The Village Marshall shall receive the sum of One hundred Dollars per month.
  * The Village night Watch Shall receive the sum of One Hundred Dollars per month.
  * The Street Commissioner shall receive the sum of Three and 50/100 dollars per day for all time actually employed under the direction of the Board of Trustees.

## ~~Section 2~~

~~The above salaries as fixed and determined shall be in force for the term of two years or during the term for which said officers were appointed.~~

## Section 2

This ordinace shall be in effect from and after approval and publication and the salaries herein fixed shall be paid from the begin- ning of the term of each officer.

Attest,
S. Turnbull
Clerk.

June 12 1909 Approved Perley Mortin Chairman.
