# Ordinance 72 

> [!NOTE]
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.

An Ordinance levying a tax upon all the taxable property within the Village of St Maries, Idaho, and appropriating said tax, together with monies ~~raz~~ to be received by said Village from all other sources to the payment for the running expenses of said Village and designating the various funds and the amount to placed in each fund.

Be it ordained by the chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries:

## Section 1

That there id hereby levied upon all the taxable property within the corporate limits of the Village of St. Maries a real and personal, for the Fiscal Year Commencing on the First Tuesday in May, D. 1909, the sum of Five Mills on the dollar valuation as fixed by the essment hear thereof, for the purpose of paying the interest on the Water s of said Village, which said sum shall be paid into a fund known as the and fifli rest fund, and the sum of Seven Hundred Dollars is hereby opriated out of the proceeds of said fund to Pay said Interest. there shall be levied upon all of said property the further sum of Five upon the dalir valuation thereof so fixed by assessment for said year, said sum shall be paid into a sinking fund for the redemption of said love Bonds known as the Sinking Fund and the sum of Seven Hundred dollars A reby appropriated to said fund for the purpose of redeeming said bonds out Baaid of the sum collected on account of said levy.

## Section 2

That xxx mondes received by said Village from water rents, fines, ses and all other souces whatever shall be paid into and constitute a t Expense Fund for the purpose of paying all other expenses of said e, and there is hereby appropriated out of said fund the sum of Sif thousand and Forty ($3040) Dollars for the purpose of paying the salaries cers, for supplies, and all ruuning expenses of the said Village not oth rovided for except street improvements. Said montes so received from all sources as last above stated other taxation together with any all raod poll tax coolected by said Villag, all be paid into a fumd known as the Street imrpovement fund the ne thousand dollars, which said sum is hereby appropriated for said and any balance of sand fund of dollars Fund of funx one thousand not realized out ction of rad poll tax shall be paid into said fund out the monies om other sources other than by taxation as aforesaid. This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and approval as provided by law.

Passed and apporved this 8th day of July 1909,
Perley Martin Chairman.
Attest Turnbull lage Clerk.
