# Ordinance 78 
An ordinance to vacate all of the Streets and alleys within that certain portion of Railroad Addition to the Village of St. Maries, lying west of Tenth Street and north of the right of way of the Chicago, Milwaukee and Puget Sound Railway Company in said Village. 

Whereas the St. Maries Land Company a corporation requests the vacation of all the streets and alleys in that portion of Railroad Addition to the Village of St. Maries described in the title hereto and it appearing to the Board of Trustees that said Land Company is the owner of all the property abutting on any of said streets or alleys, and that it is to the best interest and welfare of said Village that said Streets and Alleys be vacated and annulled therefore: 

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho:

## Section 1
That all of the Streets and alleys within that certain portion of Railroad Addition to the Village of St. Maries, Idaho lying west of Tenth Streets and north of the Right of Way of the Chicago, Milwaukee and Puget Sound Railway Company, be and the same are hereby vacated and annulled. *Provided however that the Village reserves the right to lay and maintain a sewer within said portion of Railroad Addition.*[^1]

## Section 2
This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, approval and publication in one issue of the St. Maries Gazette a weekly newspaper published in said Village.

Approved this 15 day of October 1909.

Perley Martin,
Chairman of the Board of Trustees.

Attest:
J. S. Turnbull,
Village Clerk.

[^1]: The section of the ordinance indicated by the italicized text is a hand-written emendation written in cursive. The transcription is not certain.
