# Ordinance 81 

AN ORDINANCE REGULATING THE STORAGE AND KEEPING OF WASTE AND INFLAMMABLE MATERIAL WITHIN THE FIRE LIMITS OF THE VILLAGE OF ST. MARIES, AND PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR THE VIOLATION OF ITS PROVISIONS. 

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, State of Idaho:

## Section 1
Every person making, using, having or having the charge of shavings, hay, straw, paper, paper sacks, bags, litter or other combustible waste fragments within the fire limits of the Village of St. Maries shall, at the close of each day, cause the same to be securely stored or disposed of so as to be safe from fire.

## Section 2
It shall be unlawful to place or store about buildings within the fire limits any boxes, waste lumber, waste paper, or other inflammable material.

## Section 3
It shall be the duty of the city marshal to inspect the premises about buildings within the fire limits and to require the removal of dangerous waste combustibles from such premises.

## Section 4
Any person violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and, upon conviction thereof, shall be punished by a fine of not less than five nor more than twenty-five dollars, together with costs, or, in default of payment of such fine and costs, imprisoned in the city jail for not less than one day nor more than ten days.

## Section 5
This ordinance shall take effect five days after its passage, approval and publication.

Passed by the Board of Trustees this 9th day of April A.D. 1910.

Approved by the Chairman of the Board of Trustees this 9 day of April A.D. 1910.

Perley Martin 
Chairman.

Attest:
J. S. Williams Village 
Clerk.
