# ORDINACE 88

An ordinance to regulate the keeping or storing of dangerous explosives in any building, or elsewhere, within the corporate limits of the village of St. Maries, and providing a penalty for the violation of its provisions.

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the village of St. Maries, Kootenai county, state of Idaho.

## Section 1

That it shall be unlawful for any person, firm, company or corporation to keep or store in any building, or elsewhere, within the corporate limits of the village of St. Maries, more than 25 pounds of gun-powder, nitroglycerine, dynamite, blasting powder or other highly explosive substance, and when so kept or stored it must be placed in some iron receptacle, so that in case of fire it can be conveniently moved.

## Section 2

That any firm, company or corporation violating any of the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor, and upon conviction thereof shall be fined not less than fifty dollars, nor inore than one hundred dollars, recoverable with costs, and, in default of payment of such fine and costs, imprisoned in the village jail not less than ten nor more than fifty days.

## Section 3

This ordinance shall take effect after its passage, approval and publication.

Passed by the Board of Trustees this 17th day of September, A. D., 1910. 

Approved by the Chairman of the Board of Trustees this 17th day of September, A. D., 1910.

Attest:
J. E. WILLIAMS Village Clerk

PERLEY MARTIN Chairman
