
# Ordinance 89 

An ordinance to promote the safety of the village of St. Maries from fire and conflagration by requiring the removal of all brush, fallen limbs, slashings, and other inflammable material, from all property within the corporate limits of said village. 

Be it ordained by the Chairman and the Board of Trustees of the village of St. Maries, Kootenai county, state of Idaho:

## Section 1

That it be, and it hereby is, made the duty of every person, firm, company or corporation owning property within the corporate limits of the village of St. Maries, to remove, or cause to be removed, therefrom all brush, fallen limbs, slashings, or other inflamable material. Within ten days ensuing after date on which notified so to do, in writing, by the village marshall, or other agent of said village, acting pursuant to an order of the Board of Trustees.

## Section 2 

Every person, firm, or company failing to comply with the provisions of this ordinance shall be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and upon conviction thereof shall be fined in any sum not less than five nor more than one hundred dollars, recoverable with costs, and in default of payment of such fine and costs, imprisoned in the village jail not less than one day nor more than forty days.

## Section 3 

This ordinance shall take effect after its passage, approval and publication. 

Passed by the board of Trustees this 17th day of Septeinber, A. D., 1910.

Approved by the Chairman of the Board of Trustees this 17th day of September,. A. D., 1910.

Attest: J. E. WILLIAMS Village Clerk 

PERLEY MARTIN Chairman
