# Ordinance 92 

> [!NOTE]
> The summary does not make it clear, but this ordinance is emending the official grade and elevation of Front Avenue in the Village of St. Maries, Idaho.
> Additionally, this ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.

An Ordinance Amending Section of Ordinance No. 83, of the Village of St. Maries Kootenai County, Idaho. 

Be it ordained by the chairman and board of trustees of the Village of St. Marics, Kootenai County, Idaho:

## Section 1

That Section 3 of ordinance No. 83, of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho, be, and the same hereby is, amended to read as follows:

Section 3. That the official grade and elevation of that portion of Front avenue commencing at a point at the intersection of the east line of First street with the center line of Front avenue 8.3 feet below city base and thence extending west to a point at the intersection of the west line of Fourteenth street with the center line of Front avenue 11.7 feet above city base, be, and the same hereby is, fixed and established as follows: Commencing at a point at the interaction of the east line of First street with the iter line of Front avenue 8.3 feet below city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the west line of First street with the center line of Front avenue 8.3 feet below city base;

thence west to a point at the interseciton of the east line of Second street with the center line of Front avenue 4.2 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the west line of Second street with the center line of Front avenue 8.2 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the east line of Third street with the center line of Front avontue 14.7 feet above city base;

then commencing at a point at the intersection of the east line of Fourth street with the center line of Front avenue 15.7 feet aliove city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the west line of Fourth street with the center line of Front avenue 15.7 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the east line of Fifth street with the center line of Front avenue 15.7 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the west line of Fifth Street with the center line of Front avenue 15.7 feet above city base;

thence west 126 feet to a point 17.0 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the enst line of Sixth street with the center line of Front avenue 21.0 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the west line of Sixth street with the center line of Front avenue 24.7 feet above city base;

thence west to point at the intersection of the east line of Seventh street with the center line of Front avenue 43.7 fect above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the west line of Seventh street with the center line of Front avenue 44.7 feet above city base;

thence west 130 feet to a point 50.7 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the east line of Eight street with the center line of Front avenue 51.7 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the west line of Eight street with the center line of Front avenue 51.7 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the cast line of Ninth street with the center line of Front avenue 46.2 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the west line of Ninth street with the center line of Front avenue 46.2 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the east line of Tenth street with the center line of Front avenue 36.2 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the west line of Tenth street with the center line of Front avenue 36.2 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the east line of Eleventh street with the center line of Front avenue 27.7 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the west line of Eleventh street with the center line of Front avenue 27.7 ieet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the east line of Twelfth street with the center line of Front avenue 18.7 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the west line of Twelfth street with the center line of Front avenue 16.7 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the east line of Thirteenth street with the center line of Front avenue 12.7 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the west line of Thirteenth street with the center line of Front avenue 12.7 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the east line of Fourteenth street with the center line of Front avenue 11.7 feet above city base;

thence west to a point at the intersection of the west line of Fourteenth street with the center line of Front avenue 11.7 feet above city base.

## Section 2

This ordinance shall take effect after its passage, approval arid publication. 

Passed by the Board of Trustees the 9th day of November, A. D., 1910. 

Approved by the Chairman Board of Trustees, the 9th day of November, A. D., 1910. 

Attest: CHAS. F. VOORHEES, Village Clerk. Pro Tem. 

PERLEY MARTIN, Chairman.
