# ORDINANCE 93

> [!NOTE]
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.

An Ordinance Fixing and Establishing The Official Grade and Elevation of the Sidewalk on the South Side of Front Avenue Between a Point at the Southwest Corner of Front Avenue and First Street 8.3 feet Below City Base, and a Point at The Southeast Corner of Front Avenue and Third Street 16.7 ieet Above City Base; 

and Fixing and Establishing The Oficial Grade and Elevation of The Sidewalk on The North Side of Front Avenue Between a Point at the Northwest Corner of Front Avenue and Second Street 6.7 Feet Above City Base, and a Point at The Northeast Corner of Front Avenue and Third Street 11.7 Feet Above City Base.

Be it Ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho:

## Section 1

That the official grade and elevation of the sidewalk on the south side of Front Avenue between a point at the southwest corner of Front Avenue and First street 8.3 feet below city base, and a poiut at the southeast corner of Front Avenue and Third street 16.7 feet above city base, be, and the same hereby is, fixed and established as follows; Commencing at a point at the southwest corner of Front Avenue and First street 8.3 feet below city base; thence west on a uniform grade to a point at the south- west corner of Front Avenue and Second street 11.7 feet above city base; thence west on a uniform grade to a point at the southeast corner of Front avenue and Third street 16.7 feet above city base.

## Section 2

That the official grade and elevation of the sidewalk on the north side of Front avenue between a point at the northwest corner of Front arene and Second street 6.7 feet above cit base, and a point at the northeast comer of Front avenue and Third street feet above city base, he, and the same hereby is fixed and established as followy, Commencing at a point at the northwe corner of Front avenue and Second stre 6:7 feet above city base; thence west a upiform grade to a point at the north east corner of Front avenue and Thund street 11.7 feet above city base.

## Section 3

This ordinance shall tar effect after its passage, approval and pu lication.

Passed by the Board of Trustees De 9th day of November, A. D. 1910. Approved by the Chairman ofte Board of Trustees the 9th day of Se einber A. D. 1910.

Attest
PERLEY MAKTES, Chairma
CHAS. F. VOORHEES, Village Clerk, Pro tem.
