
# Ordinance 94

> [!NOTE]
> Appears to encompass the area of about Northwest Addition and Anderson Heights.
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.

An ordinance declaring the land hereinafter described, a part of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, State of Idaho. 

Whereas, The land hereinafter described lies contiguous and adjacent to additions and extensions of said Village of St. Maries, and 

Whereas, Said land has been, by the owner or proprietor thereof, or by some person by or with the owner's authority or acquiesence, laid off into lots and blocks, containing not more than five acres of land each, 

Now, Therefore, Pursuant to, and under and by virtue of, Section 2172 of Chapter 1 of Title 13 of the Political Code of the Revised Codes of the State of Idaho, 

Be it Ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, State of Idaho:

## Section 1

That the following described land, towit: 

Commencing at a point on the boundary line between Sections 26 and 27 in Township 46 North, of Range 2 W. B. M. 574 8 feet north of a point at the intersection of the east and west quarter line of said Section 26 with said boundary line; 

thence south along said Loundary line 574.8 feet to said point of intersection;

thence cast along said east and west quarter line to a point at the intersection of the same with the County Road which runs in a northerly and southerly direction across the southeast quarter of the northwest quarter of said Section 26;

thence in a northerly direction along said County Road to a point at the intersection of the same with the east and west eighth line of the northwest quarter of said Section 26;

thence west along said east and west eighth line to a point at the intersection of the same with the north and south eighth line of the northwest quarter of said Section 26;

thence south 429 feet along the present exterior boundary of the said Village of St. Maries to a point;

thence west approximately 507 feet along the said boundary of said Village to a point;

thence south approximately 363 feet along said boundary of said Village to a point;

thence west S03 feet along said boundary of said Village to the place of beginning, be, and the same hereby is, declared to be a part of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, State of Idaho.

## Section 2

This ordinance shall take effect after its passage, approval. and publication.

Passed by the Board of Trustees this 5th day of December, A. D., 1910.

Approved by the Chairman of the Board of Trustees this 5th day Dec., A. D., 1910.

Attest: PERLEY MARTIN, Chairman, 

CHARLES SCHULTE, Village Clerk.
