# Ordinance 95 

An ordinance approving and confirming the assessment roll made out by the Sewer Committee of Sewerage Improvement District Number One, acting with the committee on streets, which said assessment roll was certified to the Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, and filed with the Clerk thereof on the 7th day of November, A. D., 1910. It appearing to the Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, that the Clerk of this board has published notice in the St. Maries Gazette the official newspaper of said village, and in two successive weekly issues thereof, that said assessment roll was on file in his office, the date of filing the 17th day of December, A. D., 1910, as the time at which the Board of Trustees would hear and consider objections to said assessment roll, and providing therein that the owner or owners of any property, assessed in said assessment roll or any person aggrieved there by should file their objections there to with the Village Clerk, in writing, within ten days from the last publication of said notice and it appearing further that no objections to said assessment roll have been filed, 

now therefore, Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, State of Idaho, as follows:

## Section 1

That the assessment roll referred to in the preamble hereto be and the same is hereby in all respects approved and confirmed by this board, as the assessment roll of Local Improvement District Number One.

## Section 2

This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and approval.

Appoved this 17th day of December, A. D., 1910.

PERLEY MARTIN, Chairman,
Attest:
CHARLES R. SCHUTE,
Village Clerk.
