# Ordinance 100

> [!NOTE]
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.

An Ordinance approving and confirming assessment roll out Sewer Committee of Sewerage Improvement District Number Two, acting with the Committee on Street, who filed said roll with the Board of Trustees of the Village, with the Clerk thereof on May 24, 1911. It appearing to the Board of Trustees of the Village that the Clerk of said Board has published a notice in the Gazette, the official newspaper of said Village and in the successive weekly issues thereof, that the assessment roll was on file in his office, stating the date of filing the same, to-wit: May 24th A.D. 1911, and fixing the 15th day of June, A.D. 1911, as the time when the Board of Trustees would hear, consider and determine objections to the said assessment roll and providing that the owners of property assessed in said roll, or any person affected thereby, should file their objections thereto, in writing, with the Village Clerk within ten days from the date of the last publication of said notice; and it appearing further that no objections to said assessment roll have been filed, now, therefore: Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai County, State of Idaho, as follows:

## Section 1 

That the assessment roll referred to in the preamble be, and the same is hereby in all respects approved and confirmed by this Board, as the assessment roll of Local Improvement District No. 2.

## Section 2 

That this Ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage and approval.

Approved this 16th day of June, A.D. 1911.
O. E. Hailey
Chairman of the Board of Trustees.
Attest:
Chas. R. Schulte,
Village Clerk.
