# Ordinance 107 

> [!NOTE]
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.

An ordinance to accept and confirm the dedication of the streets and alleys in the Government Townsite Addition to the Village of St. Maries, Idaho. 

WHEREAS the Government Townsite of St. Maries, being all that part of Section 22 in Township 46 North, Range two West of the Boise Meridian, situated south of the St. Joe River and west of the east boundary line of the Coeur d'Alene Indian Reservation, was by ordinance duly passed by the Board of Trustees of the Village of St.Maries, Idaho, on October 8th, 1910 declared and made a part of said Village of St.Maries, 

NOW THEREFORE be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho,

## Section 1

that the dedication of the streets and alleys in the tract of land within the limits of said village and known and designated as the Government Townsite of St. Marios, (addition to the Village of St. Maries)ユー order of Kontenai County, Idaho, which dedications were duly made ae required by law before said plat was recorded, be and the said dedicat- ions of all the streets and alleys as shown on and by said plat are hereby accepted and confirmed as to any and all streets and alleys shown on said plat.

## Section 2

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the publication thereof. 

Passed the Board of Trustees this 19th day of September A.D.1911. 

Chas. R. Schulte
Attest Village Clerk. 

O E Hailey
Chairman of said Board of Trustees. 
