# Ordinance 116

An ordinance approving and confirming the assessment roll of Local Sewerage Improvement District No. 4, as prepared by the Sewer Committee thereof, acting with the Committee on Streets and Alleys of the Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, which assessment roll was certified to the Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, and filed with the Clerk of said Board on November 21, A.D. 1911.

Whereas the Clerk of the Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, has published a notice in the St. Maries Gazette, the official newspaper of said Village, and in two successive weekly issues thereof, that said assessment roll was on file in his office, stating the date of filing the same, to wit:

November 21, 1911, and fixing the 2nd day of January, A.D. 1912, at eight o’clock P.M. in the Town Hall, as the time and place that the Board of Trustees would hear, consider and determine objections to the said assessment roll, and

Whereas no objections to the said assessment roll have been filed, 

now therefore Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the village of St. Maries, Idaho, as follows—

## Section 1

That the assessment roll of Local Sewerage Improvement District No. 4 be, and the same is hereby approved and confirmed by this Board in all respects as the assessment roll of said District.

## Section 2

That this ordinance shall be in full force and effect from and after its passage and approval.

Passed the Board of Trustees and approved this 2nd day of January, A.D. 1912.

O. E. Hailey, Chairman.
Chas. R. Schulte, Clerk
