# Ordinance 117 

> [!NOTE]
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.

An ordinance approving and confirming the assessment roll of Local Sewerage Improvement District No.3, as prepared by the Sewer Committee thereof, acting with the Committee on Streets and Alleys of the Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, which assessment roll was certified to the Board of Trustees of the Villago of St.Maries, Idaho, and filed with the clerk of said Doard on November 21,1911. 

Whereas the Clerk of the Board of Trustees of the Village of St.Marios, Idaho, has published a notice in the St.Marios Pasotte, the official newspaper of said village, and in two successive wookly issuos thereof, that said assessment roll was on file in his office, stating the date of filing the same, to wit:

Novomebr 21,1911, and fixing the 9th day of January A.D.1912, at eight o'clock .ii. in the Town Hall, as the time and place that the Board of Trustees would hear, consider and determine objections to the said antennant roll, and 

Whereas no objections to the said assessment roll have been filed, 

now therofore, Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho,

## Section 1.

That the assessment roll of Local Seworazo Inprovement District No. 3 be, and the same is hereby approved and confirmed by this Board, in all respoots, as the assessment roll of said District.

## Section 2.

That this ordinance shall be in full force and offect from and after ite passage and approval.

Passed the Board of Trustees and approved this 9th day of January, A.D.1912.

Chas.P.Schulte, Clerk.

O.E.Hailey, Chairman.
