# ORDINANCE 120

An ordinance to repeal section 2 of Ordinance No. 114 and to amend section 3 thereof, being an ordinance providing for the regulation and conduct of saloons within the Village of St. Maries, Kootenai county. Idaho.

Be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. laries, thet section 3 of Ordinance No. 114 be ainended to read as follows.

"It shall be unlawful to allow to be played any games of chance of any character whatever therein, or to maintain or to allow to be maintained, or to permit therein any appartment known as "boxes" where parties shall assemble for the purpose of drinking therein, or to maintain or to allow to be maintained any building or appartment in connection therewith for such purpose, provided, however, that the Proprietor may have a liquor room in connection, with such saloon for the purpose of storing the necessary quantities of liquor therein, which room must be used for such purpose only and not for the purpose of allowing people to assemble therein for the purpose of drinking intoxicating liquors, and said room must be kept locked except when liquors are being taken therefrom or placed therein and the proprietor of any such room shall allow the Marshal or any policeman of the Village of St. Maries to inspect the same at any time upon request, The proprietor of such saloon shall keep and maintain an allnight lamp or light, so that the Marshal or policeman of said Village may have at all times of the night an unobstructed view of the entire interior of said saloon; that if any chairs are maintained in said saloon they shall be fastened substantially to the floor or to some frame and shall be substantially bound together, unless fastened to the floor of said building, that section 2 of said ordinance or parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby re: pealed,

Approved this 1st day of April, A. D 1912.

O E. Hailey, Chairman.

Attest Chas. R. Schulte, Clerk.
