# Ordinance 126

An ordinance vacating all of that certain alley in Block Eleven, Third West Addition to the Village of St. Maries according to the plat now on file and of record in the office of the County Recorder in and for the county of Kootenai, state of Idaho, said alley extending North and South through said block from the south line of Warnington Street to the north line of Main street in said village of St. Martes and directing a deed of conveyance thereof.

Whereas, the Board of Trustees of St. Maries Independent School District No. Six, Kootenai County, Idaho, heretofore, to-wit, on Nov. 18th, 1912, filed with the clerk of the village of St. Maries, Idaho, a petition for the vacation of all of that certain alley in Block 11, Third West Addition to the Village of St. Maries according to the plat thereof on file and of record, said alley extending North and South through said block from the south line of Washington St. to the North line of Main street in said Village of St. Maries, and

Whereas it appearing that the aforesaid School District is the owners of all the property abutting upon the alley so sought to be vacated, and the Chairman and Board of trustees of said village, by resolutions duly adopted, ordered that said petition should be heard before said board at a meeting thereof to be held at the town in hall the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, on the sixth day of January, at the hour of 8 o'clock p.m. of said day, and

Whereas, it appears to the satisfaction of the Chairman and Board of Trustees of said Village that more than seven days notice of the pendency of such application has been given by written notices posted in ten (10) public places in said Village, seven of such notices being so posted on said alley, and also by causing such notice to be published once, in a newspaper pubilshed in St. Maries, Idaho, not less than one week prior to the time fixed for the hearing of such petition, and which said notices described the property sought to be vacated and contained a statement of the time and place fixed for the hearing of said petition, and

Whereas, it appears that such alley is not used for the purpose of public travel, and that the best interests of said Village of St. Maries require that said alley be vacated.

Now therefore, be it ordained by the Chairman and Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho.

## Section 1

That all of that certain alley in Block Eleven Third West addition to the village of St. Maries, according to the plat now on file and of record in and for the county of Kootenai, state of Idaho, which said alley extends north and south through said block from the south line of Washington Street to the north line of Main Street in said Village of St. Maries, be and the same is hereby vacated.

## Section 2

That the chairinan of the Board of Trustees is hereby directed to execute unto the said School District a deed of conveyance of the property and premises hereby vacated, which said deed shall be attested by the clerk of said village and the corporate seal of the said village placed thereon.

## Section 3

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force from and after the publication thereof.

Passed the Board of Trustees this 6th day of January, 1913.

PERLEY MARTIN, Chairman Board of Trustees.

Attest: C. S. FLINT, Acting Village Clerk
