# Ordinance 130

> [!NOTE]
> Front Street is first called main street here.

An ordinance dividing the municipality known as the Village of St. Maries into three wards in expectation of the organization of such village into a city of the second class under the laws of the state of Idaho, and defining the boundaries of said wards as created.

Whereas, this, the board of trustees of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, in pursuance of a petition presented to them in a manner prescribed by law and by qualified electors of said village, have duly passed a resolution declaring the municipal corporation now known as the Village of St. Maries, Idaho, to be a city of the second class under the laws of the state of idaho, and changing the name of the municipality from the Village of St. Maries to the City of St. Maries, and 

Whereas, said resolution has been passed, approved, published, and recorded in the ordinance book of said, village, in the manner provided by law for the passing, approving, publishing, and recording of ordinances, and 

Whereas, the Village Clerk has been directed to deliver a properly certified copy of said resolution to the clerk of the board of county commissioners, as required by the statute of the State of Idaho, and 

Whereas, it is necessary for the legal and proper organization of said municipality into a city of the second class, and for its conduct thereafter, that such municipality be divided into wards. 

Now therefore, in pursuance of the law the state of Idaho providing for the organization of villages into cities of the second ciaes, be it ordained by the chairman of the board of trustess of the Village of St. Maries, Idaho.

## Section 1

That the municipality now known as the Village of St. Maries, hereafter to be known as the City of St. Maries, be and the same hereby is divided into three wards, and that said wards be known and designated as the First Ward, Second Ward. and Third Ward.

## Section 2

That the First Ward shall be constituted of all that portion of the said municipality lying between, and bounded on the east by the east boundary line of the said village of St. Maries, and on the west by a line beginning at the quarter post on the line between sections 26 and 27, township 46 north, range 2 west, Boise Meridian, 

thence north along the west boundary. line of Section 26 township 46 north range 2 west, Boise Meridian; to the corner post of Section 26,27,22 and 23. township 46. north range, west, Boise Meridian 

thence east along the north boundary line of section 26, township 46: north, range 2 west, Boise Meridinn, to its point of intersection with the center line of Fifth street; 

thence north along the center line of Fifth street to its point of intersection with the center line of Front Avenue (hereafter to be called Main Avenue) 

thence west along said center line of Front Avenue to the point of its intersection with the center line of Sixth Street; 

thence north along said center line of Sixth Strect as produced to the right of way of the Chicago Milwaukee, and St. Paul Railway; 

thence across said right of way to the point of intersection of the center line of Sixth Street with the north boundary time of said right of way, 

thence north along the center line of Sixth Street to the north boundary line of said municipality.

## Section 3

That the Second Ward shall be constituted of all that portion of said municipality lying between, and bounded on the east by, the line last above described, and which foring the western boundary line of the First Ward and, on the the west by, a line beginning at point of intersection of the center line of Sixteenth Street with the south boundary line of the Village of St. Maries 

thence north along said center line of Sixteenth Street to its point of intersection with the center line of Coeur d'Alene Avenue (herafter to be called Coeur d' Alene Street) 

thence northeasterly along paid center line of Coeur d'Alene Avenue, (hereafter to be called Coeur d'Alene Street) to its point of intersection with the center line of Seventh Street of the Government Townsite, Addition to the Village of St. Maries (hereafter to be called Fifteenth Street); and 

thence north-along said center line of Seventh Street of the Government Townsite Addition to the Village of St. Maries (here after to be called Fifteenth Street), 

to the north boundary line of the Village of St. Maries.

## Section 4

That the Third Want shall be constituted of all that portion of the municipality "lying between and bounded on the east by, the line above described in Section 3; and which forms the west boundary line of the second Ward, and on the west by the western boundary line of the Village of St. Maries

## Section 5

All ordinances and parts of ordidances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

## Section 6

This ordinance shall become effective from and after its passage, approval, and publication, and as soon as may be necessary for the purpose of changing the organization of the Village of St. Maries into a city of the second class, and to conduct the same in a manner provided by the laws of the State of Idaho for cities of the second class. 

Passed by the Board of Trustees this 21st day of February A. D., 1913

Approved by the Chairinan of the Board of Trustees of the Village of St. Maries this 21st day of February AD. 1913 

PERLEY MARTIN, Chairman of the Board of Trustees. 

Attest:-Charles R. Schulte, Village Clerk
