# ORDINANCE 152.

> [!NOTE]
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.
> This document is not finished being transcribed. The transcription will be updated as more of the document is completed.

An ordinance creating and establishing"Local Improve- ment District No. 2" of the City of Saint Maries, Kootenai County, Idaho, designating the property included therein, naming the streets and avenues therein and designating the point between which said improvements are to be made; Providing for the improvement of said portions of said streets and avenues by grading, gravelling, curb- ing with concrete curbing, putting in concrete gutters, and the needed culverts where necessary to permit of said grading, and raising or lowering the sewer manholes where necessary to permit of said grading, lowering the water pipes where necessary to per- mit of said grading, putting in retaining walls if necessary to protect said grading, and by moving such telephone and electric light poles as it may be necessary to move; Providing how and the manner in which said improvements shall be made, ordering the making of said improvements and providing that the cost and ex- pense thereof, except that portion to be paid by the city at large, shall be taxed and ascessed upon all the property in said improve- mont district; Proving the manner of the assessment of such cost and expense upon the property made liable therefor; Providing what portion of the cost of said improvements shall be paid by the City of Saint Marios; Providing that the cost and the expense of said work so assessed on the lots and lands in said local improve- ment district shall become a lien upon the same and providing for the manner of the foreclosure of such liens; Providing for the preparing of an assessment roll and defining the duties and powers of the street committee and city engineer in connection therewith; Providing for the manner in which said assessment roll shall be made, its correction, revision, confirmation, and for the making of a new assessment roll in case the same becomes necessary; Pro- viding for the payment of the cost and expense of said improvements which are chargeable to the abutting, adjoining, contiguous or approximate property by ten equal annual installments and authoriz- ing and providing for the issuance, in the name of the City of Saint Maries, et special assessment improvement bonds of said local improve- ment district and providing for the collection of said special tax assessment; And providing for the redemption of said bonds; Providing for the repeal of all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict with this ordinance.

BE IT ORDAINED by the Mayor and the City Council of the City of Saint Maries, County of Kootenai, State of Idaho:

## Sec. 1.

That there is hereby established "Local Improve- ment District No. 2" of the City of Saint Maries, Kooteani County, Idaho, which district includes all the property fronting or abutt- ing, or contiguous to the streets to be improved between the points named and designated in ordinance No. 150, which ordinance No. 150 was duly passed by the City Council of the City of Saint Maries on the 21st day of November, 1913, and approved by the Mayor of said city on said date and thereafter published in the official news- paper of said city in accordance with the laws of the State of Idaho; said lands affected and included therein to extend from the said designated portions of said streets and avenues back from such streets and avenues, if plated in blocks, to the center of the blocks; Vie platted in lots, only to the center of the lots; if not platted, to a distance of 125 feet from the street or avenue upon which said lots or lands face or abutt.

That the streets and avenues of said city and the portions thereof to be improved as named and designated in said ordinance No. 150, and to which the property included in said improvement district is abutting, contiguous or fronts on, are as follows, to- wit:

Main Avenue, from the east line of First Street to the a point said Main Avenue 125 feet west of the west line of Tenth Street.

