# Ordinance 157

> [!NOTE]
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.

AN ORDINANCE PROHIBITING THE PLACING OF REFUSE, DIRT, SNOW, OR ANY MATTER OR THING IN ANY GUTTER, DRAIN PIPE, OR OTHER ARTIFICIAL WATER COURSE OR CARRIER WITHIN THE CITY OF ST. MARIES, IDAHO, PROVIDING A PENALTY FOR ANY VIOLATION THEREOF, AND FOR OTHER PURPOSES.

BE IT ORDAINED by the Mayor and City Council of the City of St. Maries, Idaho:

## Section 1

That it is hereby prohibited and made unlawful for any person, persons, firm, company or corporation to obstruct any of the gutters on any street within the City of St. Maries, ΟΙ any artificial water course, or carrier or conductor of surface water, or any pipe, drain, or other carrier or con- ductor of water on, above or underneath any street or property within the City of St. Maries, by placing therein or thereon any dirt, refuse, snow, ice, or any matter or thing which shall in any mammer prevent the free discharge and drainage of water through, over, upon or in such gutters, pipes or other water cour- ses or drains.

## Section 2

That any person, persons, firm, company or corporation, violating any of the provisions of Section 1 of this Ordinance, or causing the same to be done, shall upon conviction thereof, be deemed guilty of a misdemeanor and subject to a fine of not less than Five ($5.) Dollars and not more than Fifty ($50.) Dollars, and the cost of prosecution.

## Section 3

That all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith are hereby repealed.

## Section 4

That this Ordinance shall take effect and be in full force after its passage, approval and publication.

Passed its first reading at an adjourned regular meeting of the City Council of the City of St. Maries, Idgho, held on the 8th day of January, A. D., 1915.

Passed its second reading, upon which a yea and nay vote was taken, under a suspension of the rules, upon which a yea and nay vote was taken, at an adjourned regular meeting of the City Council of the City of St. Maries, Idaho, held on the 8th day of January, A. D., 1915.

Passed its third and final reading, upon which a yea and nay vote was taken, under a suspension of the rules, upon which a yea and nay vote was taken, and duly entered an Ordinance of the City of St. Maries, Idaho, at an adjourned regular meeting of the City Council thereof held on the 8th day of January, A. D., 1915.

Approved this 8th day of January, A. D., 1915.

Henry B. Mahely, Mayor.

Attest: Chas. R. Schulte, City Clerk.

Published in The Record Jan. 12, 1915.
