# Ordinance 168

> [!NOTE]
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.

AN ORDINANCE FIXING AND ESTABLISHING THE OFFICIAL GRADE AND ELEVATION OF CERTAIN PORTIONS OF MAIN AVENUE, COEUR D'ALENE STREET, FIFTEENTH STREET, AND CENTER AVENUE IN THE CITY OF ST. MARIES, IDAHO, AND REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES AND PARTS OF ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT HEREWITH.

BE IT ORDAINED by the mayor and council of the City of St. Maries, Idaho:-

## Section 1.

That the official grade and elevation of such portions of Main Avenue, Coeur d'Alene Street, Fifteenth Street and Center Avenue as may be set forth in the table of grades hereinafter given, and which said streets and avenues are streets and avenues contained and lying within the City of St. Maries, be and the same hereby is fixed and established in accordance with the following table of grades:-
Government datum, 2150.00
City datum, 2153.16 | Center.
North Line of Main on Coeur d'Alene, | 2158.0
120' North, | 2154.0
South Line of Center, | 2149.0
Center of Intersection of Center and Fifteenth, | 2145.0
West Line of Fifteenth on Center, | 2145.0
East Line of Seventeenth on Center, | 2143.5
West Line of Seventeenth on Center, | 2143.0
East Line of Eighteenth on Center, | 2141.0
West Line of Eighteenth on Center, | 2141.0
East Line of Ninteenth on Center, | 2142.0
West Line of Ninteenth on Center, | 2142.0
East Line of Twentieth on Center, | 2146.0
West Line of Twentieth on Center, 100' West on Center, 200' West on Center, | 2146.5 2154.75
East Line of Twenty-first on Center, | 2164.6 2178.0
27 West on Center, | 2167.0
53' West on Center, | 2167.0
West Line of Twenty-first on Center, East Line of Twenty- second on Center, | 2187.0 2245.0
27 West on Center, 53' West on Center, | 2250.0 2250.0
West Line of Twenty-second on Center, 150 West on Center, | 2252.0 2260.5
East Line of Twenty-third on Center, | 2260.0
West Line of Twenty-third on Center, | 2258.0
STREET ELEVATIONS.

## Section 2.

That all ordinances and parts of ordinances in conflict herewith be and the same hereby are repealed.

## Section 3.

This ordinance shall be in effect from and after its passage, approval and publication.
Passed by the City Council of the City of St. Maries this 6 th day of July, A. D., 1915.
Approved this 6 th day of July, A. D., 1915.
JOE. Harley Mayor.
Attest with the seal of said City:
City Clerk.
Published in the St. Maries Fazatte July 9th, 1915
