# ORDINANCE NO. 178

> [!NOTE]
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.

AN ORDINANCE AUTHORIZING THE CHICAGO, MILWAUKEE & ST. PAUL RAILWAY COMPANY, ITS SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS, TO CONSTRUCT, MAINTAIN AND OPERATE RAILWAY SPUR TRACKS WITHIN THE LIMITS OF THE CITY OF ST. MARIES AND OVER AND ACROSS CERTAIN STREETS, AVENUES AND PUBLIC PLACES IN SAID CITY.

WHEREAS, by that certain indenture of lease dated April 12, 1913, made between the Village (now City) of St. Maries, a municipal corporation of the State of Idaho, as the first party, and the St. Maries Lumber Company, a corporation of the State of Idaho, as the second party, the said Village (now City) let, demised and permitted the said second party to use, for the purpose of unloading logs and in connection with the actual operation of its saw mill, the following described property situated in St. Maries, Benewah County, Idaho, to-wit: All of Block Eight (8) Public Reserve and the east forty (40) feet of Third Street (now Twentieth Street) in the Government Townsite of St. Maries, Idaho, according to the official plat thereof, and

WHEREAS, it was, in and by said lease, among other things, provided that the second party therein named should not permit any person to occupy or improve the leased premises without the written consent of the first party; and

WHEREAS, the said St. Maries Lumber Company, for the purpose of unloading logs and otherwise utilizing the said leased property in connection with the carrying on of operations at its sawmill plant, made and entered into a contract with the Chicago, Milwaukee & Puget Sound Railway Company, the predecessor in interest of the Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway Company, by which it was agreed that the Railway Company should construct and maintain certain spur tracks fully described in said agreement, among which was a spur track extending from a point of connection with another track adjacent to the west line of West Boundary Street (now Twenty-third Street), in said City of St. Maries, where the same is intersected by the North line of the alley in Block Five (5) of the Government Townsite of St. Maries, Idaho, and extending thence in a general easterly direction across the north half of Blocks Five (5), Six (6) and Seven (7) of the Government Townsite of St. Maries, Idaho, to a point in the west line of Third Street (now Twentieth Street), in said Townsite, produced northerly; thence easterly across said Third Street (now Twentieth Street) and adjacent to the south bank of the St. Joe River to a point near the intersection of the south bank of the St. Joe River with the center line of Eighth Street (now Fourteenth Street), in said Government Townsite of St. Maries; and a second spur track connecting with said spur track last described at a point in said Block Eight (8), Public Reserve, between Fourth Street (now Nineteenth Street) and Fifth Street (now Eighteenth Street) produced northerly across said Block, and extending thence easterly along the northerly portion of said Block Eight (8), across Eighth Street (now Fourteenth Street) and to a point in I Street (now I Avenue) in the west line of Ninth Street (now Twelfth Street) produced across said I Street (now I Avenue); and the said Lumber Company agreed to procure all franchises necessary for the construction of said tracks; and

WHEREAS, it was further agreed that the said last described spur might, in connection with other tracks connecting said spur with the main line of railway, be used for the switching of cars to and from industries upon a certain extension of said last described spur in said contract provided for; and

WHEREAS, the Railway Company has heretofore constructed said tracks, but the Lumber Company has failed to secure any franchise license or authority for the construction or maintenance of said tracks extending easterly from the intersection of said first described spur with the west line of Third Street (now Twentieth Street) produced northerly in said Government Townsite of St. Maries;

NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT ORDAINED by the Mayor and City Council of the City of St. Maries, Idaho;

## Section 1

That the Chicago, Milwaukee & St. Paul Railway Company, its successors and assigns be, and they are hereby, granted a right of way seventeen (17) feet in width, having eight and one-half (8 1/2) feet of such width on each side of the center line of said constructed tracks, extending from the intersection thereof with the west side line of Third Street (now Twentieth Street) produced northerly in said Government Townsite of St. Maries, easterly across said Third Street (now Twentieth Street) and across said Block Eight (8) to the western terminus of said tracks as now located and constructed, together with the right to maintain and operate said constructed tracks on and along said rights of way and for that purpose to occupy and use the necessary portions of all public streets, avenues, alleys and ways which may be occupied by said existing tracks. The location of said tracks, extending from the west line of said Third Street (now Twentieth Street) in the Government Townsite of St. Maries, to the eastern termini thereof, are further described as follows, to-wit: Beginning at a point in the west line of Third Street (now Twentieth Street), produced northerly, distant two hundred twenty-seven (227) feet northerly from the southeast corner of Block Seven (7), Government Townsite of St. Maries, Idaho; thence in an easterly direction along a straight line a distance of ten hundred and ninety (1090) feet to a point approximately two hundred and five (205) feet north and fifty-five (55) feet west of the northeast corner of Block Thirteen (13) of said Townsite of St. Maries; thence easterly along a curve to the right with a radius of twenty-two thousand nine hundred eighteen (22,918) feet, a distance of nine hundred (900) feet to a point in the east line of Eighth Street (now Fourteenth Street) in said Townsite distant one hundred and two (102) feet north of the south line of I Street (now I Avenue). Also, beginning at a point in the above described line distant eighty-five (85) feet westerly from the west line of Fifth Street (now Eighteenth Street), produced northerly in said Townsite of St. Maries; thence easterly along a six degree five minute (6° 5') curve to the right, a distance of one hundred (100) feet; thence easterly along a straight line a distance of eighty-eight and six-tenths (88.6) feet; thence easterly along a six degree five minute (6° 5') curve to the left a distance of one hundred (100) feet to a point distant twenty (20) feet southerly from the above described line; thence easterly along a straight line parallel to said above described line, a distance of one hundred twenty-five feet (125); thence easterly along a curve to the right with a radius of twenty-two thousand eight hundred ninety-eight (22,898) feet, parallel to said above described line and distant twenty (20) feet southerly therefrom, a distance of twelve hundred and five (1205) feet to a point in the west line of Ninth Street (now Twelfth Street) in said Townsite of St. Maries produced northerly distant Forty-five (45) feet north of the south line of said I Street (now I Avenue).

## Section 2

The said Grantee, its successors and assigns be, and it is, and they are hereby, further authorized and empowered to extend, construct, maintain and operate that certain spur track above described terminating at the west line of Ninth Street (now Twelfth Street), in said Government Townsite of St. Maries, easterly in, on and along I Street (now I Avenue) to a point in the east line of Ninth Street (now Twelfth Street).

## Section 3

The grant in this ordinance contained is subject to the rights of the City of St. Maries to exercise the same control of the streets, avenues and public ways in, along, across and upon which such track or tracks are or shall be laid, as over other streets, avenues, and public ways in said City and the City reserves to itself the right to carry all water mains, sewers, gas pipes and conduits beneath and all wires above any and all of the tracks the construction, maintenance and operation of which are hereby authorized, such rights, however, to be so exercised as not to interfere with the practical use of said tracks and so as to leave the right of way occupied thereby restored to as good condition as it was prior to any exercise of such rights by the said City.

## Section 4

The said grantee, its successors and assigns, in and by accepting the grants and benefits conferred by this ordinance, covenants for itself, its successors or assigns, with the said City of St. Maries, that it will at all times keep and save harmless the said City from and against all liability, loss, cost, damage or expense which may at any time arise or occur by reason of the said grantee's appropriation of any real-estate or other property for right-of-way, or by reason of the construction, maintenance or operation of said spur tracks along or across any of such streets, avenues or public ways or places, or by reason of anything that may be done by the said grantee, its successors or assigns, and that it will defend any and all actions arising in relation thereto, PROVIDED, that the grantor, its successors or assigns, shall, in all instances where it or they seek to hold said grantee, its successors or assigns, liable hereunder, notify the said grantee, its successors or assigns, in writing of such action or actions and give it or them an opportunity to defend any and all such litigation.

## Section 5

Whenever the said City shall cause the co-terminus portion of any street upon which said spur track or tracks shall be constructed and located under provisions of this ordinance to be graded or improved, said grantee, its successors or assigns, shall change or alter the grade of its tracks co-terminus with such street grade, and shall at its own cost and expense grade and improve all the spaces then in use and covered by such railway and for two feet on each side thereof so as to conform to the grade of such street as established and graded or improved by the City; PROVIDED, however, that such alterations shall not interfere with the practical operation of said railway tracks.

## Section 6

That in the use of the tracks authorized by this ordinance the grantee, its successors or assigns, shall have the right to use electric, steam or other motive power as it or they shall deem suitable, subject to the lawful and reasonable control and regulation by the City of St. Maries.

## Section 7

That the right of way, and all the rights, privileges and authorities granted by this ordinance, and all benefits hereof, shall be assignable by the said grantee, its successors or assigns, as it or they may at any time see fit either as an entirety or as respects any one or more of the tracks or parts of tracks embraced within the scope of this grant; PROVIDED, that written notice of any or all of such assignments shall be filed with the City Clerk of the City of St. Maries within thirty (30) days thereafter.

## Section 8

The said grantee, its successors or assigns, shall, within sixty (60) days after the passage of this ordinance file with the Clerk of the City of St. Maries its written acceptance thereof duly executed by the said grantee, its successors or assigns.

## Section 9

This ordinance shall take effect and be in force upon its passage, approval and publication as required by law.

Passed its first reading at a regular meeting of the City Council of the City of St. Maries, Idaho, held on the day of November, A. D., 1915.

Passed its second reading, upon which a yea and nay vote was taken, under a suspension of the rules, upon which a yea and nay vote was taken, at a regular meeting of the City Council of the City of St. Maries, Idaho, held on the day of November, A. D., 1915.

Passed its third and final reading, upon which a yea and nay vote was taken, under a suspension of the rules, upon which a yea and nay vote was taken, and duly enacted an ordinance of the City of St. Maries, Idaho, at a regular meeting of the City Council of the City of St. Maries, Idaho, held on the day of November, A. D., 1915.

Approved this day of November, 1915.

D E Hailey Mayor.

Attest with the corporate seal: Chas. R. Schulte City Clerk.

(Published in "The Gazette", Nov. 12, 1915. Written acceptance by Grantee, filed Nov. 13, 1915.)

