# Ordinance 190

> [!NOTE]
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.
>
> This ordinance is still in the process of being transcribed, and this transcription may be incomplete.

An ordinance imposing a license tax upon owners, harborers or keepers of dogs;

providing for the manner of issuing such licenses, providing for the impounding and destruction of all doos in cases where the provisions of this ordinance have not been complied with;

regulating the running of dogs at large; and providing penalties for the violation of this ordinance.

Be It Ordained, by the Mayor and the City Council of the City of St. Maries, County of Benewah, State of Idaho, as follows to-wit:-

## Section 1

It shall be unlawful for any person to own, harbor, keep in his possession or under his control an dog of either sex without having first paid a license fee therefor to the City of St. Maries, as follows, to-wit:- Upon each female dog the sum of Five (5.00) Dollars per year and upon each male dog the sum of Three ($3.00) Dollars per year, which said license fee shall authorise the keeping of such dog for one year from the date there- of and all licenses issued under and by virtue of this ordinance shall date from the first Tuesday in May of each year and expire one year from the date thereof.

## Section 2

Every person owning, harboring or keeping or having in his or her possession or under his control any dog, or any per- son who shall hereafter own, harbor or keep or have in his poss- ession or under his control any dog, shall immediately upon the taking effect of this ordinance, or immediately upon his becoming the owner, harborer or keeper of any dog, pay to the City Treasurer of the City of St. Maries a license fee of $5.00 upon each female dog and $3.00 uron each male dog which is or shall be so owned, harbored or kept by him or her; and thereafter, beginning with the first Tuesday in May of each year such license fee shall be paid annually in advance on said day.

It shall be the duty of the City Treasurer, upon the payment of said license fee, to issue to the person paying the same a re- ceipt, which receint shall specify the date thereof, the amount raid, a description of the dog for which said license is issued sufficient for identification, the name of said dog, together with the name of the person obtaining said license, and the sex of said dog.

