# Ordinance 191

> [!NOTE]
> This ordinance has been transcribed programmatically from a scanned image of the original document. It's contents have not been verified for accuracy, and there may be errors or omissions in the transcription. The original document should be consulted for authoritative information.

AN ORDINANCE DECLARING AND FIXING THE SALARIES OF THE ELECTIVE OFFICERS OF THE CITY OF ST, MARIES:

STATING THE TIME WHEN THIS ORDINANCE SHALL BE EFFECTIVE: AND

REPEALING ALL ORDINANCES IN CONFLICT WITH THIS ORDINANCE.

Be It Ordained by the Mayor and the City Council of the City of St. Maries, Idaho:-

## Section 1

That the salary of the mayor of the city of St. Maries, Idaho, shall be One Hundred Fifty Dollars($150.00) per year.

## Section 2

That the salary of the members of the City Council of the City of St. Maries shall be $75.00 per year.

## Section 3

That the salary of the clerk and ex-officio police Judge of the City of St. Maries shall be $85.00 per month.

## Section 4

That the salary of the Treasurer of the City of St.Maries shall be $15.00 per month.

## Section 5

That the City Engineer of the City of St. Maries shall be paid the reasonable value of his services, when such services are performed at the request of the City Council.

## Section 6

That the salaries of the respective officers above named shall be paid at the end of each fiscal month in proportion to the time during which the respective office is occupied.

## Section 7

That the salaries above named shall be in full for all services, except that the city shall furnish to the City Clerk and City Treasurer öffice room and telephone service.

## Section 8

That Ordinance No. 161 of the City of St. Maries be and the same hereby is repealed.

## Section 9

That section 1,2,3,4, and 5 of Ordinance No.132 of the City of St. Maries be and the same hereby are repealed.

## Section 10

That all other ordinances and parts of ordinances in confilict herewith are hereby repealed.

## Section 11

This ordinance shall be in effect after its passage, approval and publication and after and beginning with the first Tuesday in May, 1917.

Passed by the City Councilof the City of St. Maries this 5th day of March A. D. 1917.

Approved by the Mayor of the City of St. Maries this 5th day of March A. D. 1917.

Attest: Chas R. Schultz City Clerk.

C.E. Hailey Mayor

Published St. Maries Gazetre mch. 9, 1917.

